a extent strategy for hinder the re-election of obama 
the leaders republicans justify their policy by the need of fight against the electoral fraud . 
now , the centre brennan as this last a myth and says that the electoral fraud is least often in the states that the number of people that die to cause of the fall of a glimmer . 
of , the republicans lawyers not have found more that 300 cases of electoral fraud in the states in ten years . 
a thing is certain : these new provisions will adversely to the rate of participation . 
in that sense , these measures minarAn in the democratic american system . 
to contrary of what that happens in canada , the american states are responsible of the organisation of the federal elections in the states . 
and in that same line a majority of the american governments instance , to 2009 , new laws that cancelled the process of register or of vote . 
this phenomenon is has widespread after the elections of november of 2010 , that were the increase of 675 new republicans representatives in 26 states . 
in , during the year 2011 is introduced u-turn projects of law that assembly the exercise of right of vote in 41 states . 
the new election laws demand that the constituents be a document of identity with a was , also of a test of american citizenship . 
by other part , these laws reduced the periods of vote early-voting , invalidan the right to enrol as forrester in the day of polling and couple their right to vote to the citizens with background criminal . 
before of the elections of 2006 , no american state requirements that the constituents presentaran a document of identity with was . 
the state of indiana was the first in demand . 
the supreme court of the states this in 2008 the being of the law of indiana . 
by this , the republicanas authorities is quick to extend that practice to other states . 
in the last years these authorities have supported projects of law in 34 states for force to the constituents to it a document of identity with was . 
is important have in account that , to contrary of what that is in quebec , the american citizens not have of a document of universal identity , as the card of the social security . 
of , a 11 % of the american citizens , is , 21 million of people in age of vote , not have with no document of identity with was we by a agency government of their state . 
by another hand , five million of new constituents in 2012 not of a document of identity with these characteristics . 
but , to , the obtaining of document of identity delays costs more of hundred dollars . 
with what which , the new restrictions affect of way disproportionate to the young , the minorities and the people with netherlands income . 
in , a 25 % of afroamericanos , a 15 % of people that who least of 35 dollars to year , a 18 % of the citizens of more of 65 years and a 20 % of the constituents of between 18 and 29 years not have with a document of identity with was . 
and still there more . 
in many states the students , the constituents that more vote to the democrats candidates , not can use the document of identity with was we by their institution . 
by other part , these ourselves states authorise to the member of the clubs of fishing or of hunting that usually vote to the republicans parties to use the documents issued by these clubs . 
before of 2004 no state requirements the test of citizenship for vote . 
arizona was the first state in it this demand . 
since 2011 , a dozen of states has adopted laws that demand that the constituents prove that are american citizens . 
these measures for , clearly , limit the hispano vote . 
seems be that two of every three hispanos constituents support to democrat party . 
by another hand , the republicans legislators supported in 2011 certain laws that abolIan the register of constituents the same day of polling in eight states . 
also , constrained the right of the people and the groups to create a service of aid to the constituents that want enrol . 
these restrictions have consequences . 
by , in the general elections of 2004 , the campaigns of register of the constituents contributed to registration of around of 10 million of citizens . 
the measures taken since 2009 reformation that the rate of register of new constituents out in 2010 in compared with the year 2006 . 
also , the republicans legislators adopted laws in other five states that importantly the reduction of period of vote by advance . 
by , in the elections of 2008 in florida , a 33 % of the constituents that voted by advance were afroamericanos , while these last not represented more that a 13 % of the constituents of state . 
in the case of the hispanos was exactly what same . 
these not represent more that a 11 % of the constituents , what that is to a 24 % of the citizens that vote by advance . 
without , the white , that represent a 76 % of electorate , not represent more that the 46 % of the citizens that vote by advance . 
by , the democrats legislators and their supporters is have conflicting desire to the adoption of laws that originating the registration of constituents . 
in this sense , the democrats governors have blocked several projects of law . 
the tax ministry of the states intervened for decision the more laws controversial . 
is could , in , limit the damage . 
by , so only 16 of 34 states adopted the law that requirements the presentation of a document of identity with was . 
without , is undeniable that the new rules taken complicarAn the exercise of right to vote in 2012 . 
the critical democrats have the firmly nature of the laws that is have voted , already is clear that with them is to influence in the results of 2012 in the key states . 
a report of centre brennan of 2011 shows that the states that have adopted these laws represent house of the 250-270 necessary votes in the electoral school for achieve the presidency . 
is too soon for say with certainty if these legislative amendments to level of electoral system will a significant impact in the results of the presidential elections of 2012 . 
a thing is certain : these new provisions will adversely to the rate of participation . 
in this sense , the measures minarAn in the democratic american system . 
detection of cancer of prostate : done the test or not apprising ? 
in , the test of psa is , in times , definite results , with counterfeit negative results or even counterfeit positive results , after the that is decided to medical so speeches . 
is a reason more that enough for do any to the men , already reticentes of by yes , on if should done or not the tests of detection . 
done the test or not ? 
we asked council to two specialists . 
in the studies by in the states is was a great rate of chlamydia between the groups of shows , by what that is difficult read these data and do firm recommendations . 
by their part , the european study was certain difference of mortality between the patients that is had done the detection and the that not . 
the study , with a monitoring to the 12 years , proved also that there between the 30 and the 40 % of possibilities of chronically areas if not is has done the test of detection . 
recommend , by , the test to the 50 years , or to the 40 years if your father has suffered cancer of prostate . 
the men of afroamericano origin have a rate of more risk high . 
the key is take a good decision a time outbreaks the cancer . 
there aggressive cancer and other cancer that are indolentes . 
is truly necessary achieve that the patient understood the degree of risk of their cancer . is you must offer all the possible options and not necessarily treat the cancer of prostate that not citizen-friendly against the life to long long-term , in whose case is must has more well by a active surveillance of the disease . 
today in day many men to the that is them has outbreaks a cancer not are treaties , since said cancer not is aggressive or one a risk for their life . 
in their place , them we a active surveillance of the disease and , if this ahead , them we a treatment . 
determinamos every time with more often precise criteria for decide who should or not be treaty . 
recommend that is do the test in any case . 
but is important that about with their doctor for determine if must done the test or not . 
movember has created , in cooperation with the international society of urologIa , a tool that allows assess the pros and the pros of test of psa . 
is can onto this document ( by only in english , but is grants spending within little ) in the next direction : http : / / ca . movember . com / fr / mens-health / prostate-cancer-screening 
prevent the disease 
unfortunately , not there a miracle recipe for prevent the cancer . 
to the progress of the research , the adoption of habits of made life are being the better way of reduce the risks of have the disease . 
believe that if all the world comiera well and is certainly what enough , is could prevent a 30 % of the cancer . 
&quot ; if nobody everywhere , that rate is 2.7 , to , to 50 % &quot ; , underlines andrE beaulieu , spokesman of the canadian society against the cancer . 
in , evaluamos that around of 10 % of the cancer are inherited . 
many other are being completely explainable . 
for the canadian society against the cancer , the fight against the smoking still being a priority to the drop of number of smokers . 
the is tobacco with with the 85 % of the cases of cancer of lung . 
is , also , a factor of risk for other types of cancer . 
particularly us the health of the people . 
&quot ; today by today , still there 1.5 million of smokers in quebec &quot ; , declared the spokesman andrE beaulieu . 
a hopeful fact : 10 years after of stop of smoking , the risk of die of cancer is reduces to the half . 
the weight 
the gordura and the obesity help also the emergence of the disease , according the scc . 
poorly the risks of cancer of breast , of bowel and of totally , of bathing-water , of pAncreas and of womb . 
&quot ; the research shown that the regulate practice of physical activity during all the life protects against the cancer of breast &quot ; , in . 
the food 
the body should , also , limit the consumption of red it . 
in large quantities , do career the risks of have a colorectal cancer . 
the products of charcuterIa also must avoided . 
the conservation of the meat for their ahumado , dried or delicious can cause the training of carcinogenic substances . 
&quot ; can damage the cells of body and carry to development of cancer &quot ; , we for . 
the vitamins 
in the years last , several scientists have examined the links between the complex correctly and the cancer . 
without , by their research not are bombing . 
segU the scc , the studies about the e and are contradictory . 
while in one of them is discovered a drop of the risks of cancer of prostate , in another what that is observed was , more well , a increase . 
the effect of the e d in the cancer not is has been determine with clarity . 
by other part , gijs beaulieu should in the importance of about on the concerns and the background family of every one with their doctor . 
&quot ; do the test of detection not from cancer . &quot ; 
the bosOn of higgs in 
the announcement of likely discovery of bosOn of higgs equal a great shock the summer last , and with reason . 
is believes , in , that this bosOn is involve of responsible mechanism of the mass of all what that there in the universe , nothing more and nothing least . 
and what that is more , is is of the partIcula whose existence unusual the standard model : our better or &quot ; least bad &quot ; explanation of the nature and of behaviour of the on , that still not has been seen economically . 
but for the physical not is completely clear that is involved of higgs . 
know without place to doubt that there a new partIcula and that is seems much to bosOn of higgs predicted by the standard model . 
also , new data desvelados this week in a important congress of physical fact in kyoto seem confirm that yes what is , although still and more data for be completely insurance . 
of all ways , assume that is is of higgs , already the possibilities of get seem few . will of what is is . 
there , in this great world , a widespread law and absolutely that means that two things not can found in the same place to . 
not there way of broad that rule and not what trying too , because will gaining damage . 
although the physical of the particles be a world very complex , is has shown that also in she there a law of these characteristics : the principle of exclusion of pauli , that stipulates that two particles not can should the same space to if are in the same &quot ; cuAntico state &quot ; ; a &quot ; state &quot ; that certain , achieve way , of some of their characteristics . 
the physical classify the particles in two categories . 
by a part we are with the good citizens called fermiones , that supporting wisely to principle of pauli . 
and by other are the bosones , a dosage buffoons of anarquistas that not has respect by nothing , or to not by this principle , what that means that can found in the same place and to . 
according the indeed website the particle adventure of the laboratories berkeley that , by , is extraordinary , the bosones is into in two groups : the breweries , of the that not we here , and the &quot ; particles of force &quot ; , by the that the large forces of the nature is epidemic and with the which the bosOn of higgs would of any way emparentado . 
these bosones , be stress here , not are the exOticos bichos that could believe . 
of , if there read this risk , is thank a bosOn extremely trivial : the fotOn or the &quot ; partIcula of light &quot ; that acts as &quot ; bringing &quot ; of the electromagnetic force . 
in , when a partIcula with a we burden accelerates or time of direction , &quot ; desordena &quot ; the electromagnEtico field in that be environment ; a little as when we a stone to a dig . 
in this &quot ; point &quot ; stems a electromagnetic wavelength ( of the light , of the infrared , of the appalling , etc ) , and this wavelength not is other thing that a fotOn ; is , one of the bosones &quot ; carriers of force &quot ; . 
more stable field 
happens what same with the bosOn of higgs , with the difference of that is is of another field , the field of higgs , that needs be &quot ; desordenado &quot ; for that this bosOn hang . 
now , the field of higgs is great more stable that the electromagnEtico field . for activarlo ago lack come to energy extremely do , a little as if is like of a dig came in the that so only a gruesa rock could avoid by the surface . 
by this ago lack a in put of particles as the of the cern ( the great colisionador of hadrones is a ring of 27 km of 314 ! ) for achieve such levels of energy . 
the analogy with the electromagnEtico field is a new tool that explains the relationship between the higgs and the mass . 
of , not all the particles or all the materials blundell with the electromagnEtico field . 
some , as the eradicate , what do , but other not : a paper of role , by , not is will never by same yes grass-roots to the door of a begin . 
and of the same way , not all the particles blundell with the field of higgs : the that what do have a mass , while the rest ( how the fotOn , by ) , not the have . 
now , what &quot ; can they &quot ; all these research ? , question the madam plamondon . 
for the science , this serves for verify the validity of model standard ( ms ) , and allows , also , that the physical escrutinen the differences between the comments and the predictions of ms . 
by their part , many want desire that is who , therefore the less difference could open a door to a &quot ; physical new &quot ; that tape certain holes of model . 
this , there say , has enormous still shortcomings , as that not proposes explanation any on to the serious ( ups ! ) or to the brown-skinned on , that constitutes around of 80 % of the on of universe ( another ups ! ) . 
but not we found such differences in the cern to the time . 
impact 
the impact of these research in our day to day are difficult of predict , but not we that we let to say that not will no . 
for that just : to at of the years 60 , the pioneers of infrared in the laboratories not sospechaban in the revolution that their jobs provocarIan . 
entreveIan the scientific applications , but nothing more . 
of , as already said the physical willard boyle , that worked in the laboratories bell , where is invented the infrared in 1960 , and that booklet the first beside infrared ( the first were pulsados ) in 1962 , to principle the infrared was more well considered a &quot ; course of laboratory &quot ; . 
imagine ... 
and also , the applications can also proceed of all the implementing that are to the research . 
by , the same boyle willard booklet a captador of light in 1969 in the course of their research in angles . 
to that not was in their original intention , this captador serves now of &quot ; eye &quot ; for all the digital equipment of world , what that you apocalyptic the nobel of physical in 2009 . 
that not want say , by , that the activities of lhc want necessarily into our lives , but that never is know ... 
care palliative . the better way of die ... &#124 ; you devoir 
in their commission die in dignity , quebec indian recently the sensitive question of end of the life . 
the debate must joined soon while is indication a project of law . 
now , within that essential dominance , still there much that do . 
you devoir has tried see of close . 
ago hardly a weeks , the harvard . l. only living in their flat of the montErEgie . 
the cancer of prostate that you was destroying you had given a four-year of two years . 
&quot ; i had given five years of life , but already i so seven &quot ; , mark , fact a is , tumbado in their bed in the centre of care victor-gadbois palliative of beloeil , to was the previous day . 
&quot ; but always is a shock , not we be prepared for this &quot ; , continues . 
the disease you has caused havoc : a huge weakness that you from go only to bathing and even feed by only yes . 
at with a apetitoso lunch , will mood that you help to feed . 
purposeful , comes even to he , to about with the unknown that you play attention , you bring medicines and you offered a bathing . 
the courage of the ordinary death . 
&quot ; my greater i is that i curen the diarrhoeal , is humiliating &quot ; , admits . 
a hours more later , the team found no to that bad . 
&quot ; in the course of our lives projects that a man ago pis of ordinary &quot ; , mark brodeur pierre , fariNas in the victor-gadbois centre . 
return to their childhood , for certain people , is a unacceptable humiliation . 
&quot ; that on of the capacity of the person for accept that regression &quot ; , complaints . 
because , according the opinion of the majority of the people that working in care palliative , the large at have place in the same heart of that regression . 
all the patients that entering in the centre of care victor-gadbois palliative from cancer . 
have a prognosis of maximum life of three months . 
in that state , the team of doctors and nurses that them around already not offered the care &quot ; curative &quot ; . 
the greater fear of the sra . by , of 89 years , is die &quot ; aware and ahogada &quot ; . 
but the disease you has fact be to their children . 
&quot ; i a good children &quot ; , adds . 
&quot ; already not i are more wishes in this life &quot ; , says , before of accept that is you long a mascarilla for her to breathe . 
and expected , in the days next , a last visit of their son that live in italy . 
in victor-gadbois is offers , with a group of voluntary , the care of body and aid to the food . 
are palliative care that is them give when not is can do nothing more . 
for help to that their death be more confortable . 
in quebec we with a bed of palliative care for every ! inhabitants . 
is very little , already know that all will die day some . 
here , the continues life in the best possible conditions , explains the dra . christiane martel , a of the female of centre . 
already be to physical comfort , emotional or spiritual . 
to moribundo is you offered enjuagues of their with brandy or pepsi , according the demand . 
to the diabetics already not is them controls their rate of sugar . 
the death way part of what everyday . 
yesterday by the night you uses a beer to harvard . x , that died in the course of the night . 
this morning , their son is end the beer to the feet of inspired . 
&quot ; helping therefore to the patients as to their loved beings &quot ; , mark Elisabeth savard , director of the care . 
in the victor-gadbois centre the days discussions without be never equal . 
to of a man of 94 years that saborea their last family meeting in the yard , well was between their almohadas while all drink to their health , a young of 36 years dies of tragic way , surrounded by their parents , their woman and their two children , after have tried all for survive . 
&quot ; since ago six months , always there of three to five beds held by under people of 45 that years of cancer &quot ; , is concerned the dra . christiane martel . 
a 53 % of the patients that are admitted in the centre victor-gadboisarrivent next of their home and a 47 % of hospital . 
problem of access to care palliative 
a 77 % of the canadians simply not has access to the care palliative , is , to the care some for alleviate the suffering when a ill comes to the terminal stage of their life , be in their home , in the hospital or in a centre of care . 
and several bodies , as the victor-gadbois centre and the society of care palliative to home of montrEal continued , is especializan almost exclusively in the care of the patients with cancer . 
is precisely that great on we in the health care of quebec what that ago that many mentions doctors in care palliative farmer the adoption of a law that brought the euthanasia and the suicide attended . 
since the month of october , a clear signed by eminencias of the care palliative , as the dr . balfour mount and the dr . albert lapointe , everything for demonstrate their opposition to such initiative . 
according the dra . christiane martel , the health system of quebec not is what enough responsible as for ensure that who have right to care palliative of quality before of that is accept proceed with the euthanasia . 
&quot ; recently &quot ; , mark , &quot ; i seen to a patient through 14 days in topical suffering large other without that is has fact what necessary for relieve . 
fear that the patients who die only because not receive the produce care &quot ; . 
and parallel , many oncOlogos is obstinan with their patients to the last day , to the worst prospects . 
the hopes of survival of richard hElène were already under minimum when he a treatment of exhausting showed . 
&quot ; when you i to my oncOloga that wanted stop the treatment , she i said that you its very worth that i stop of fight &quot ; , mark . 
&quot ; without , she i had said that not had nothing more that do ! &quot ; 
not there todopoderosos care 
the dra . martel believes that a 90 % of the people that considerably die grateful to their carers that not them have dealt in their demands a time is them has relieved their pain thank a team of care palliative . 
but there say that the care palliative not are absolutely todopoderosos in as to treatment of pain . 
according elsie monereau , director of the care palliative to home of montrEal continued , the patients not they to the treatments against the pain in a 8 % of the cases . 
to end of the life , the doctors usually resort to the palliative sedating , that serves for ball to patient to the time of their abortions , already be of circumventing way or of permanent way . 
not we pretend that not understand that part of suffering . 
every more time , the disease not minds will to have the possibility of have that palliative sedating . 
the people that not are aliviados say all what same : &quot ; i i die &quot ; . 
but that not want say necessarily &quot ; i the euthanasia &quot ; , but &quot ; i that i alivien &quot ; . 
the realisation of this exploit has been possible thank a scholarships of journalism of the institutes of research of health of canada . 
account escAndalos of great as in quebec 
officials of the road network , employers of btp , collector of funds of political parties and specialists of the italian mafia have , day after day , what that know of a exclusively &quot ; system &quot ; , of that form part the industry of the construction , officials , political , unionists and landing . 
a &quot ; industry &quot ; that went too expensive to the taxpayers natives , on in the years 1990 and 2000 . 
&quot ; is , how the system is pulveriza a time we head-hunted to the large media &quot ; , ironiza jacques duchesneau , member in quebec and former head of the police of montreal . 
he liderO the outbreak of scandal in 2011 , that was possible thank a research to on the linked governance to contracts of roads in quebec , that the first liberal minister of that time , jean charest , not had consented more that in delay . 
the &quot ; report duchesneau &quot ; set a direct link between the industry , the illegal funding of the parties and the corruption between officials . 
&quot ; since the start of the research in 2010 , so only the ministry of transport is would saved thousand million of dollars in contracts &quot ; , analysing some of their shared of stay with a proportional part . 
the commission charbonneau &quot ; already has fact fall to two mayors &quot ; , adds , while expected power come to &quot ; demonstrate the existing manner behind of the individuals &quot ; . 
a permanent unit corruption , created in 2011 
the permanent unit corruption , created in 2011 , is applies also with their team of controllers , researchers and analysts of government . 
this unit works also of the police of &quot ; the drawn marteau &quot ; , that , since 2009 , have fact that the &quot ; cartel of fast-expanding &quot ; of montreal is modere to the time of comes contracts . 
these last weeks , the unit has allowed to registration in series of the accusations by fraud and corruption against municipal charges as zampino frank and marcotte richard , mayor of a city of the outside . 
the next of the list would savary vaillancourt , that has of resign of their since of mayor of laval , third city of quebec . 
is suspicion that is has embolsado bombing bribery to public contracts . 
is has accused formally to engineers of the road network of montreal and to employers of italian origin , as accurso tony and zambito flax . 
this last has caused shock to explain to the commission the mechanics of &quot ; system &quot ; of obtaining of public contracts . 
he same paid during three years a 3 % of value of the contracts bad in montreal to a broker concerned to the mafia that transfiriO the money to montrEal dimension , the party of mayor gErald tremblay . 
gijs zambito repartiO money to are and are during the years 2000 , granting more of 4.8 canadians dollars ( a 68 eur ) to provincial parties , on to the liberals in the power . 
admitted , also , have organised a collection of illegal funds for the ex-viceprimera liberal minister , Elisabeth normandeau . 
the inflation of cost of the contracts of fast-expanding 
in montreal , the &quot ; system &quot ; of corruption did with effectively . 
savary surprenant , exingeniero of public works , what he perfectly to the commission : in ten years received are , inviting to travel , torneos of golf , restaurants , parties of championships and bribery of companies of sector of the construction by a total of 736.000 dollars , all this to contracts of fast-expanding whose costs drawn . 
other officials of the road network have admitted that received money by comes the bills between a 30 % and a 40 % in concept of counterfeit extra . 
also , a organizing of party of mayor , martin dumont , was to tremblay gijs of have fact the blind view deliberately to a budget parallel and country their coffers of dirty money . 
to as of these revelations , gijs tremblay resigned to principles of november and was to montreal to a huge crisis . 
chantal rouleau was a of the first ourselves policies of montreal that was sounding the alarm . 
as mayor-making of district of rivière-des-prairies , in the this of the island , is opposed since 2010 to the sale of a municipal ground on by 5 million of dollars and revendido by ones million to the promoters in plenary estate boom . 
the 70 % of money of the election campaigns was dirty money 
of the research that finally is will to out , she will that light &quot ; of a balance for power understand the functioning of system , infiltrado by hormigas , for stop the gangrena and fishing to the guilty &quot ; . 
and adds that the process is &quot ; painful , but positive &quot ; . 
we christmas the injured but would lack a unit of clean research in montreal and be very warning for that the dubious practices not is not . 
how do the have . 
regularly . 
jacques duchesneau , by their part , states that &quot ; the officials have stolen hundreds of million of dollars &quot ; , but is inquieto on by the role of the &apos ; &quot ; elected political to aware of the contrivance &quot ; . 
estimando in a 70 % the proportion of dirty money that is on to the funding of election campaigns in quebec , ironiza : &quot ; i have said that that not is more that a for a of the reality &quot ; . 
the government quebequEs proposes limit to 100 dollars the donations to parties , but that not will the donation , according he , &quot ; while not is speaking strictly the election expenses , will dirty money in the policy &quot ; . 
answers a full review of system of fair of public contracts and of funding of the parties : &quot ; not we fall under more ; go to fund of the things , with courage , we will rebuild the home with a more foundations solid , with more controls and laws &quot ; . 
if this history pleasure the international image of quebec and of montreal , gijs duchesneau attend to those that is laughing to take to mirror . 
&quot ; the psg not is the barcelona fc ! &quot ; 
this season has on a new entity with the psg . 
how behind that progress ? 
is could explain by a decision-making of individual awareness , but also by the new dimension of psg . 
have come large players . 
avanzo of day in day to their hand . 
the technical personal also i has great much . 
and these elements i same to daily to raise the level of my at . 
in a party , that is more easy . 
all will very rapid in the football . 
but i not i acaloro . 
since my at in the centre of preformaciOn of inf clairefontaine to my step by saint-etienne , always i progress to steps leaps . 
will to obtain benefit of the competition reclutada by carlo ancelotti . 
the recruitment of this summer are used to also parties of very high level . 
know that every experience is crucial . 
that ago that a player as i have wish of fight and take all . 
by other part , carlo ancelotti i provided much in my enabled . 
is supported by deputy as claude makelele , that jugaba in the same position that i . 
ancelotti is the man that needed the team ? 
by . 
ancelotti inspires respect to all the technical . 
today by today , not there as nobody in the league 1 and is between the best european entrenadores . 
has a great experience and has cattle many titles with the best clubs . 
has worked with large players . 
i that is will other titles in paris . 
in january i a conversation very comforting with he . 
i had of out of a series of injury . 
the confidence that has in me explains also my good performance . 
what think on the psg in the first part of the season ? 
in the league 1 , lyon we has taken the since of leader . 
but we in the ambush . 
one of our elderly objectives is the league of champions : we we heading for the octavos of end with lifestyle . 
what is the aim of club in this competition ? 
we to treat of come what more far possible . 
to now , can through any thing . 
but we much that say with many and very good european equipment . 
want , for start , end the first of our league with to oporto for power receive the back of octavos of end . 
the psg can become in a great european club to short long-term ? 
already has the budget ... 
for become in a great european club , paris has win titles and be there to long long-term . 
today by today , that not is the case . 
to economic level , the is psg given to their media for that that project is never . 
not win the cup in the league 1 , as in the last season , would a great failure ? 
by , would a great disappointment . 
this year we to invest all our efforts in us that title of champions . 
in the last season not we far . 
in may we have a disappointment , already had with the a conditions for i first . 
had a strong season . 
nuclear with 79 points . 
normally , with 79 points should have been champions ... 
but another team , the montpellier , had a season quite better . 
this year i that will the good . 
even if the large equipment as the marseille , the lyon and the bordeaux fighting by the title , i that we with the weapons for llevArnoslo . 
believes that the media expect more of psg ? 
is normal that be much of us if we in is has made in the players that we . 
what we accepted completely . 
after of that ganAramos 4-0 in home to troyes , that still is who with things that absence is a little frustrating . 
we ask what more expected the people . 
never we win 4-0 all the purposes of week . 
not we the barcelona fc ! 
we of to in into a project of at . 
a team is build with time . 
in the league of champions we shown that we respond and be present . 
look to manchester city that , after two argument , not has achieved into for octavos of end , and them also have made great ! 
in the sums alas , you imaginarIamos with 15 points of advantage to the but . 
that would allow to our opponents and the championship of france . 
lyon and marseille , that not were well the previous season , is have seen &quot ; powered &quot ; by this new psg . 
that shows that the league 1 is exciting . 
hope that in may we say with a questions that , to all the difficulties , we over llevAndonos the awarded . 
the psg seems completely dependent of the successes of attackers attackers . 
better that say that we a &quot ; zlatandependencia &quot ; . 
that want say that attackers is very responsible and that bottom many goals . 
has come for demonstrate that is the star of the league 1 . 
and has shown in all the equipment by the that has last that is a great player , a world star . 
in the group we to man and to player . 
and he also respects to the men that has to their around . 
what that has fact is truly exceptional . 
that enjoyment to the others to increase their level of at . 
thiago silva , one of the best defenders of world , allows also that all move . 
how olivier through the championship 2012 with the team of france ? 
has been a disappointment . 
was very happy by participate in this championship . 
unfortunately , my injury i was accrue time of at . 
i there things and i reinforced . 
today achievement around good parties in the selection . 
is what that than since my baptism with the &quot ; blues &quot ; . 
learn the lesson of what that happened in ukraine and to this is must that today we a exemplary behaviour . 
what vision you of first month of deschamps didier to with of the &quot ; blues &quot ; ? 
is moving results . 
are well located in the group of classification for the world . 
the seleccionador is stringent , near to the players and inspires to win . 
as was the case of laurent disagree . 
but not i do comparisons . 
disagree not their aim of clasificarnos for the championship . 
hope that didier deschamps carried to the selection to brazil . 
the 1-1 ( 1-1 ) of 16 of october in spain was for lay the foundations ? 
that at we was confidence . 
every one peleO by all . 
before of that shock in spain , not had through a be at in all my career . 
with bitcoin , pay and sell without banks 
all what contrary to the monetary current exchanges , based in the central banks , the transactions buried and the burdens of prosecution between the parties . 
also , as to happens in the technologies , the policy vision is breach : the conviction of that the monetary current system , up of banking monopolies , has to the financial crisis . 
of , bitcoin , invented by satoshi nakamoto ( a pseudOnimo ) , is to a virtual converted currency to dollars , eur , etc and a protocol of sure change to the way of bittorrent , that allows the exchange of file of as to as . 
is have reported close of 200 transactions thank 15 computers of the network . 
and close of a thousand websites website accepted the bitcoins as donations or as way of payment . 
the prices of bitcoin , after have come to the top of 30 dollars ( 23 eur ) in june of 2011 , fell to 2 dollars five months more later , before of again today to back the ten dollars ( the contributions is censan in the bitcoincharts indeed . com ) . 
not is nothing impressive if what compared with the world changes in real currency or in financial products . 
without , the bank european central ( ecb ) is was by he in a report on the lot coins published in october . 
in he , is described the bitcoin as &quot ; the virtual currency with more success &quot ; , &quot ; that compete with the dollar or the euro &quot ; and &quot ; similar to the conventional coins &quot ; . 
bitcoin is difference of other systems with types of lot coins as the &quot ; appropriations &quot ; , used for move in a vIdeojuego and that is can win playing or is can buy ( and even in times canjear ) . 
the social network facebook developed also this kind of system . 
but in all exchange a central authority controls and is the changes . 
with the bitcoin , all the nodes of network are to mentioned of books of accounting , described , issuers of currency and buyers and sellers . 
how works that network ? 
every compromise between two users is ago in between two electronic directions in way of electronic e-mail . 
a user can choose a different direction for every payment , thus so the kid-glove . 
a whole of information linked to this compromise is signing electronically to through of a system of evidence to double key . 
the network can so verify the authenticity of the compromise . 
thank to content of file , is also possible ensure that the changes of bitcoins will in the book of public accounts , that is disseminate by all the network . 
the milestone key is in write that new compromise in that book . 
this is by the resolution of a mathematics challenge it to the computers and the winner , a kind of central provisional banker , will the privileged of add that line supplementary . 
is is of a stage of troceado of file , is , of transformation of a great file in a numerical more short left and only . 
the computers &quot ; doing &quot ; the new compromise and in a number before of &quot ; trocear &quot ; the whole . 
the aim is find the number that will a particular left ( more off to principle ) . 
a is is that number , the other nodes verifican easily that is the good . 
the compromise is is then indestructiblemente people to the chain of joint of the other transactions ; all change replaced the left . 
if , for commit a fraud , a user i pay two sometimes with the same money very rapid ( in ten minutes ) , the network accept only as along a of the two transactions ; the other is would huErfana , already both have different fingerprinting . 
the computer that opportunity the challenge is has 50 bitcoins . 
for avoid the inflation , that to is into in two regularly , with likelihood before of end of 2012 . 
the number of bitcoins in is movement , therefore , limited to 21 million , but are divisible to the cienmillonEsimo , what that is a broader for . 
the difficulty of this challenge is reveals also in every increase of the power of calculation . 
the life of the network has already their downs . 
the websites website that offered services for bitcoin have been attacked and is have stolen bitcoins in by . 
&quot ; the failure used not affects to same protocol &quot ; , will pierre noizat , that has of launch paymium , a company of payment in real currency that used the bitcoin network . 
the ecb has in account also the possibilities of blanquo of money thank this anonymous service . 
but the money in effective is the same fault . 
the players of weight as goes reject the payments of this kind . 
other , as the platform wordpress , the accepted . 
recently , adi shamir and dorit rum , of weizmann insitito in israel , carried the book of accounting and were that close of 80 % of bitcoins not everything . 
in november is were the &quot ; giants cheap &quot ; . 
&quot ; is changed 30,000 dollars &quot ; , is regocija jon holmquist , that working for coinabul , that becomes the bitcoins in gold . 
pierre noizat , author of a constituted book on that currency , believes quite in the potential of this technology also of in the network of transactions . 
their system , paytunia , is to a card of credit ( in real currency ) or to a payment by mobile without contact , but used bitcoin for relevant the transactions , that so out cheap more . 
the carrying , also , managed their identity and can , by , remain in the kid-glove . 
the system is easy of to in into in the shops , that not have on new intermodal or softwares . 
them enough with supply a direction that a telephone can &quot ; fotografiar and recognise &quot ; , precise pierre noizat , that will have thousands of users . 
there a general movement of review of the systems aggressor by more horizontal systems . 
&quot ; will lack a time for that bitcoin is will , but in 2013 could have a change &quot ; , predice . 
by other part , in their report the ecb no enhance the risks various , today who higher , in this currency have success . 
we out of afghanistan . 
and after ? 
the french troops abandoned their area of responsibility in afghanistan ( kapisa and surobi ) . 
the nato and the american must out to purposes of 2014 . 
is time of that the out army truly possession of their territory and that the afghan choosing their future , without wait nothing of us . 
we aside on to the afghan farmers , to the that we considered terrorists . 
and to us ourselves , with our 88 soldiers killed , more the injured and the maimed . 
the taliban have with foreign extremist and old heads refugees in pakistan , but to also with farmers that reject the presence of abroad army , as in the times of the soviet . 
want defend their traditions , old and arcaicas , even if to their causes is between the jihadist , the clearest , the arab , the uzbecos or the tayikos . 
tolerados , to even helped by the local insurgents , they already not what will when the western is do discreet more . 
the starting of the french troops of the basis of nijrab , that i since what high of the bangladeshi further of almendros thank the french appropriations , is was by order . 
the convoys of lorry and of tanks assad to kabul without have no attack , spotlight by the helicopters . 
not will are of taliban in kabul to end of 2014 . 
the circumstances have changed since their irresistible progress between 1994 and 1996 . 
kabul was then we and the country dragged in ceasefire and blood to cause of the struggles between different factions . 
their decision-making of control of country had been perceived as a kind of release , the return to the security . 
the afghan have paid the price of obscurantism of their farmers behind by the al-qaeda organisation , but their situation not is better today . 
the old muyahidines , the current government and the current taliban shared the i of keep to the women in a than position . 
the main personalities of the antisoviEtica war only to power in 2001 . 
is have become in speculators , gaining with non-governmental areas for revenderlos as energy-producing for the refugees that have again of iran and pakistan , benefit to the couple of enormous americans contracts of trained . 
are desacreditados ; the majority of them not have fought . 
the people , according i heard in the field , is to a government that not is set by criminal . 
many young want leave , as also is iran the that have known profit of the american generosity : the brain of capital is considerable . 
the young are tired of the war and of their ideologies . 
have through the modern world during their exilios in iran or pakistan and have appreciated their advantages . 
with around of a 65 % of their less population of 25 years , kabul account now same with 5 million of inhabitants , a fifth part of the total population . 
in the cities , the state schools are in therefore of girls as of children . 
will that give work to these young that not will again to obscurantism of the old parties or to the corruption of certain leaders . 
all , including the opposition armed , are or of mobile mobile . the television and their turks folletines that have a modern world has large matter in all the country . 
the army is now present . 
is assessment include the authorities that want you the country ? 
the old staff of the antisoviEtica fight is about already of rebuild the provincial militias , that huirAn of power central . 
afghanistan , country of mountains , of strong local identities , should power benefit of a certain decentralization to image of the western nations . without , the states what have wanted into in a state centralised , with a presidential strong power , removing the since of first minister that there since the constitution of 1964 . 
the karzai president not want the abroad control , in with reason of the elections will in april of 2014 . 
not , their country on of the foreign aid since the years 50 and even before . 
no industry has reestablecido their services , not is has managed no embalse or is have repaired the systems of important irrigation . 
all is imported and not is is nothing exception fruit and vegetables . 
the priority is is to the private initiative . 
in a country ruined after 30 years of war , would been necessary the government control . 
is expandiO the rumour of that afghanistan enormous possessed profit coal-mining . 
and that not was more that increase the sense of that the western were there for seizing of them . 
without energy for from the mineral of iron or of it of ground and without media of transport for export to through of the mountains , not there exploitation mining . 
the chinese already almost have abandoned the mines of it of month aynak , being that the international archaeologists ( financed by the world bank ) excaven the in agonising bUdico and remain there as the more important employers of the province . 
will also lack that afghanistan and pakistan , country of that on widely the imports and the exports , restored their normal relations . 
the french troops left the 20 of november . 
the new treaty of cooperation no the continuation of the aid traditional : schools of girls , schools of children , a department of french in the university , the french institute , the cooperation in the military areas , legal , health and agricultural and the support to the historical delegation . 
since 2009 , with the subject of try &quot ; who the hearts and the deal &quot ; and of to the impossible task of do that the aid and the offensive actions coincidan , a service of &quot ; civil actions and military &quot ; of ministry of defence ( cimic ) , removed in 2012 , brought and was bring to through of a small french many ngos jobs of interest collective and actions of agricultural rehabilitation in tens of towns of mountain . 
these jobs , golosos of obtain hand of local labour , have been help to contain the uprising : irrigation , wells , drinking water , reforestation , trees fruit , protection solar and increase of land of cultivation . 
what we as i after two million of eur of military expenses ? 
a budget more well modest will to the improvement of the conditions of local life , very tough in these around located to to more of 2 metres of all . 
the embassy received tens of demands written with small agricultural proposals made by local communities of the province of kapisa . 
for that is break of the uprising has to out by the foreign groups , something that the farmers i have said that want , would lack keep a small civil aid , well controlled and that them comes directly . 
a constitution with fOrceps in egypt 
is a new double or nothing of president followed morsi . 
while is more egypt divided that never in the constitutional declaration , that you make provisionally a powers , he decided around the all by the all . 
by to all the world by surprise the wednesday , when announced that the assembly house would their end text to next day . 
ago so only a week , the head of state had given two more months to this house for end their jobs . 
and ago almost two years that egypt used a provisional text , several sometimes amended , what that it the institutional stability and has to judicial embrollos . 
this new initiative not has fact more that increase the fractured in the country . 
for their opponents , the president ethical in their &quot ; autocrAtico away &quot ; and continues &quot ; betraying their word &quot ; and &quot ; trampling the right &quot ; . 
by their supporters , is will that is is of a measure for end rapid more with the institutional crisis and policy and speed the process of transition . 
in the next 15 days should organised a referendum . 
a time of time very short that forced to the brothers to up to their project of explain the text , article by article , to the egyptians . 
for the president , is is also of a way of restore a popular being and democratic while the and cause havoc in all the country . 
followed morsi seems convinced of that the egyptians will to their favour , as stated in a interview to american puts time . 
recital that that appeal is has voted with very quickly , contains a ultimatum for the egyptian people : &quot ; or vote my text or i the a powers &quot ; , powers that supposed that to their end with the adoption of the constitution . 
is in that strange environment in the that 85 member of this assembly house , islamist in their great majority , voted the text yesterday . 
the majority of the liberals not turned to the call . 
to middle of november , a little before of the constitutional declaration , had closed the door because considered that not could do assert their points of view . 
the representatives of the human rights , the religious minorities and of the civil society did what same . 
to that is was the necessary quorum , yesterday by the morning is manner to 11 people , substitutes member , to all haste . 
some of them are very those to the muslims brothers . 
as expected wait , the articles highly-qualified what have been by unanimity . 
to the commentators them ago grace , by other part , the fact of that a of the few discrepancies of the but is has expressed virtually to the time of the sentence , therefore is so that several member of committee came to think that the clock of the assembly was bad . 
the text , that yesterday later was still being voted , certain of 234 articles . 
the article 2 , subject of all the expectations , still being finally same to of the constitution of 1971 , that horses that &quot ; the principles of the sharia are the main source of right &quot ; . 
the salafistas parties , for those the establishment of the islamic law is a fundamental vindication , were that is so replace &quot ; the principles &quot ; by &quot ; the rules &quot ; , what that would allowed a more strict implementation . 
for the islamists , that this article not has been amended is a guarantee of their good will and of their respect towards the other components of the egyptian society . 
the liberals what tachan of hypocrisy and they that not is is more that of a advertising arisen . 
according them , the islam of the constitution is ago to through of other articles . 
is refer , in , to article 220 , that which to the university al-azhar a advisory role , in for all at that has confirm their accordance with the laws of the sharia . 
according the specialist in egypt sophie pommier , is disturbing because &quot ; the people so-called to upon not is elected and not has no democratic legitimacy . 
here detect the premises of a theocracy &quot ; . 
the fears of the liberals is are also by by the fact of that the rector next of this university would quite least moderate that the current . 
&quot ; by , not there a religious concrete involvement . 
with this constitution we in the framework of civil state . 
the majority of the lawyers that have working in that text not are counter but university , some of them educated in the french system &quot ; , explains alexis blouet , that indication a a on the constitutional egyptian transition . 
but recognised that can have certain ambiguity in article 220 , therefore the terms employees imitan the religious vocabulary . 
&quot ; we talking in particular to term iqh &#91 ; islamic justice , ndlr &#93 ; . 
and the question that could be in the future would in what measure are the civil competent judges for upon by all this &quot ; . 
more beyond of their religious nature , the text voted yesterday has received many criticisms that is refer to the powers prevalent that which to president of the republic . 
the muslims brothers alegarAn that are few in compared with the that were during the previous regime . 
another contention point : the powers conferred to army . 
with i of the military , the review of budget of defence not will subject to parliament , but to a national council of defence . 
not is banned the bundle of civil in military courts , as protestors the associations for the defence of the human rights . 
these also were their relating concerns to text , that they curtailing . 
the crime of blasphemy is maintained and , of now in forward , the insults are prohibited , what that could have serious consequences for the freedom of expression , on the of the press . 
also , article no emphasises the protection of the women , underlines heba morayef , of human human watch . 
according she , what positive only has been the ban of the torture of the article 36 . 
the word not was in the previous constitution . 
although the egyptian president should out yesterday by the night in the television , is out demonstrations for this at . 
the supporters of head of state is demonstrated the saturday . 
in israel , to the tourists ukrainian them expect the holy earth , the exalted of world and a sea of brined 
the earth promised being the ambivalent of the bIblicas truths with the modern comfort and a prIstina nature . 
&quot ; aif &quot ; designated the five more important reasons by the that is must visit israel . 
reverencia in the holy earth 
is the worth visit the river find where jesus was kitchen . 
is believes that who that joining in this &quot ; bautismal battery &quot ; will the god-given grace . 
and galilee , the place of the miracles of jesus : the conversion of water in wine in the describe , i on the waters , the appeasement of the storm and the teem networks . 
in this same place , jesus about to their couE after of the ordained . 
but the greater amount of ends places is is in jerusalem . 
the believers only here the viacrucis or the way of the cross of jesus ( in latin &quot ; way painful &quot ; ) . 
begins in the fortress of for , the pretorio , where is was the trial , and continues by the streets of the old city , will to sound sepulcro in the gOlgota mount , the place of the crucifixiOn , to the stone of the unciOn and to place of resting-place of jesus . 
in this same place is is also the christian symbolic exalted of world , that symbolises the &apos;s of the humanity . 
and the monastery of the holy cross in jerusalem , built in the place where , according a christian legends , had a tree of that is was the cross for the crucifixiOn of jesus . 
in jerusalem is is also the more sacred place for the jews , the wall of the wailing ; the remains of a temple destroyed by the excellent-quality in the year 70 dc . 
as is tradition , people of different religions is here answering with their wishes , that then is will reality . 
to a side journey 
the ruins of the fortress masada was what that became of a refuge secret against the enemies , that herod the large unable build in the year 25 to . agonising for their family . 
is are in the acantilados of mountain to a all of 450 concluded on the level of sea . 
and come to there by their own media , only can those that is appropriate to the escalation . 
the others can come to this historic summit in the funicular . 
and in the north of country to a altitude of 1600-2040 concluded is is the famous station of ski hermOn , where in the months of winter there a great are of tourists . 
to there , since the ordinary of the hill is offered services of bus . 
the total length of the runs of ski is of 45 km . 
according a former legends , in the top of the mountain supposed habitaban paganos gods . 
visit museums only 
in this country there around of 300 museums . 
in a only journey not podrAs visit all . 
but is the worth visit by five of them , the interesting more . 
between them is the museum of israel , it close of the knesset ( parliament israeli ) . 
in he is globally the old producers of died sea or rollos of qumrAn , conducted in the storage of desert of judea , and around of 500 thousand archaeological parts and antropolOgicas . 
is the worth visit the museum of art in aviv aviv . 
in their explanatory of expect account with lienzos of impresionistas and expresionistas such as refer , pissarro , renoir , cEzanne , sisley , matisse , modigliani , apollinaire or artistic . 
in acre is can visit the museo-baNo to basha , that are some rooms of old turks bathing with figures model of visitors and bathers of that time . 
in cesarea is the worth through by the kept private museum ralli , where is can cross the parthenon of rodin and dalI . 
there not there tourist guides or shops of suvenires . 
the entry is free , and categorically not is accepted donations . 
the fifth , the museum of holocaust or vashem vashem in aviv aviv , shows a of the more dramatic pages of the history . 
the more tragic section is the memorial of the children , built in memory of the 1.5 million of children killed in the camps of concentration and the chambers of gas . 
entras in he and you find in absolute darkness . 
the stars brillan . 
and hypocritical the names of the jews children and the names of the countries in the that lost the life . 
ukraine is mentions also . 
health 
the three main appreciate areas of israel is are to on of mediterranean sea , the red sea and the died sea . 
in every one of them there alone , substantial parks , delfinarios and oceanogrAficos museums . 
is , that in the red sea is aim even in the months of winter , already the temperature of water not low of the 21 degrees and the air is cyclone to the 23 degrees . 
the died sea is still more warm and there is costas during all the year . 
by , this sea , the so more in the world , is is in the more under point of planet : to 417 concluded under the level of sea . 
the blue waters of there are a brined that easily maintain to to the that not know swim . 
the landscape of the but are truly beautiful . 
the people comes here for through courses of treatment with water costly , brined and curative barros and fortificar their health in cases of caused , allergies , asthma , eczema , artritis , bronchitis , disease and for to in order their breached reinforcing . 
tocando the mysteries of the old 
the retains the former part of aviv aviv , the citadel of jaffa , in the mediterranean at . 
by she was the famous maritime route that unIa egypt , syria , anatolia and mesopotamia . 
the city is this in the old greek myths and egyptian . 
according account the legends , was here where ark was their ark and perseo rescued to the a andrOmeda with who , in this same place , was a long and happy life . 
to the tourists them love glimmer by the links streets that have the names of the signs of zodiaco . 
say that if tocas the walls in the street of your &quot ; same &quot ; symbol , the from you will favourable . 
in jaffa is can find partners of would married ​ ​ that come of all parties of israel , and even of other countries for fotografiarse . 
and in cesarea , the city of king herod , is can glimmer by the theatre roman , &quot ; take &quot ; the fortress of the crusaders . 
in the time roman , cesarea was the main city of judea and the residence of the excellent-quality procuradores , including pilate pilate . 
the theatre , with restored , is used now for moment concerts and adore of opera . 
tourists remember 
if travel to israel , not is worry if their english is much that desired : in this country around of 30 % of the population about russian . 
the money for this journey not is manifestly taken in eur , but in dollars , that can be easily cambiados to shEquels ( currently 1 $ , 8 shEquels ) . 
the urban transport is consists mainly the buses , but in jerusalem there rapid tram and in haifa is is the only line of metre of country , that certain of six stations and connects the low city with the high city . 
in , is of a underground funicular . 
travel in any kind of public transport costs 6 shEquels and by this price is can travel doing transbordo during 1.5 hours . 
in israel , according the jewish tradition , the announces is is the sabbat . 
since the night of friday to the we of sun of saturday , markets and shops close and the public transport adjourned their work . 
but the sunday by the morning starts a new labour week . 
in many advance , restaurants and hotels only is serves kosher food , that excludes meat of pig , downwards , fish without escamas and dishes in the that is combining milk and meat . 
there is offers a wider selection of dishes to basis of meat of beef and lamb , soup and postres prepared with milk of all-purpose , the traditional hebrea &apos;you so-called hummus , great variety of sauces , the falAfel , that are balls of garbanzo molido , fruit and vegetables . 
in the streets of the cities israelis not is are expression dogs . 
in , there many cats well fed that &quot ; is holes to their will &quot ; of achievement way . 
by the night saying them gone even on the ceilings of the cars aparcados . 
to the ronroneadores them crazy the places concurridos and not reject the colouring . 
the for of a car , on of the mark , cost of 37 $ ( getz hyundai ) to 188r $ ( audi a6 , corresponds s80 ) to day . 
also of sure , that its by 15 $ to day . 
and the for of a bicycle you nothing by 15 shEquels the day . 
the tickets to the museums cost a average of 30 shEquels . 
israel in figures 
in 2012 dispatching more israel of three million of tourists of all the world . 
the majority of the that from to go the country and rest were citizens of us . which . , russia , france , germany , italy , kingdom and ukraine . 
the earth promised , of january to october 2012 , was visited by 118,8 thousand ukrainian tourists , amount that credulity in a 51 % to same rate of year 2010 , before of the settlement of regime of visa ​ ​ the 9 of february of 2011 . 
&quot ; the large and powerful &quot ; you will to moscow : immigrants savers for the language 
while members and defenders of the rights human discussing on the consequences that bring the law on the compulsory examination , already have appeared in the con country that trade with certified &quot ; counterfeit &quot ; 
every year , 13 million of workers immigrants they to moscow , st petersburg and other cities of russia . 
in their majority are citizens of countries of central asia : uzbekistan , tajikistan and turkmenistan . 
their aim only is win money for help to their families that is have been in home . 
since the 1 of december enter in force a law , according the which every labour immigrant must to a examination for check their knowledge of the russian language . 
by , this rule is applies only for those that have the intention of work in the sector of provision of services , institutions of community services , domestic services and trade to by less . 
without , with the time , as promise in the federal service of immigration , the examinations is will obligatory for all the immigrants . 
also , not will enough with holding the examination of the language , if not also the of russian history and the of foundations of the legislation . 
the knowledge of the language is must confirm even for receive and renew the permit of work . 
are exception the citizens of the countries where the russian is the official language . 
not will subject to this law the people that reformation obtain their certified of education and qualifications before of the dissolution of the soviet union in 1991 . 
usefulness , fatal and defence of the rights 
the network of centres examiners will under by the institute of russian language pushkin , the university of the friendship of the people , the state university of moscow , the state university of st petersburg and other institutions of higher russian education . 
the immigrants will stand to the evidence in all the cities , now same in russia are open more of 160 centres of this kind . 
the initiative on the introduction of examination was supported by the members of the state duma and by the federal service of immigration . 
but the defenders of the rights , much before of that the law by in force , reformation many sometimes do this question to the press : and what will this in ? 
what changes bring the mandatory of knowledge of the language , therefore for the russians as for the own immigrants ? 
in first place , they the representatives of service of immigration , this will reduce the number of people that suffer &quot ; labour slavery &quot ; . 
very people about today on the defence of the rights of the working immigrants , explains emmanuele sebelev , head of the representation of federal service of immigration of russia in tajikistan . 
the defence of their rights must cartoon before of their starting . 
only a system of selection organised will resolve the problem of the workers immigrants in a 90 % of the cases . 
the problems the have the immigrants without profession , education , the that not know the language or spend the doctor control . 
without the understanding of the language , says sebelev , the future immigrant is be condemned to find people without unscrupulous that , with the pretext of help , you pains a &quot ; viajecito paid &quot ; to a caging and close covacha , where he and dozens of other as he is that during months without food or documents , working of 12 to 14 hours to day . 
we a explanations of complaints of our immigrants . 
&quot ; in their homeland them promise a thing , but to come are deceived , is them deprived of their passports , not them paid the wages desperately &quot ; , confirms the head of the direction of labour immigration of service of immigration of tajikistan , tolib ruslan . 
not is enoje , jefecito ! 
without , while therefore many citizens of the republics of central asia that want work in russia recognise that not only not know the language of country to that seek go , but that also in their own language write with difficulty . 
by , this not is therefore their fault but their own unfortunately : are few the mongols , uzbecos , tayikos that they be the luxury of receive primary normal education . 
this is must to that their families even not have nothing that give of feed to the children , by not about already of vestirlos , calzarlos and comprarles what necessary for the school . 
to come to the adolescence , these boys is upheld to work to the first opportunity . 
is difficult , if not is know the language , recognise them . 
&quot ; one is feel ayr and than &quot ; . 
without , in is concerns to the law on the language , the defenders of the rights guarding a important point . 
the examinations is will to out only for those immigrants whose status be legal . 
if not have that status , not will or examination and , in , no official work . 
while therefore , the majority of the workers immigrants are living in russia illegally . 
&quot ; welcome or ban the step to meet &quot ; 
many visitors claim that receive the official status in our country not is so easy . 
the cause is in the bureaucratic obstacles and in the difficulties of the language in yes . 
also , the legalisation costs money : of twelve thousand to sixteen thousand rublos . 
without , a false register is can do quickly and by only thousand over rublos . 
the employees of the russian police know that generally have counterfeit documents , not we registered and officer the cases of extortion . 
&quot ; we they hundred or 10 rublos for cigarette or added &quot ; , a to the journalists the citizen of tajikistan , umed hushkadamov . 
&quot ; we , not wise tacaNo , buying a paint &quot ; 
the first day of the entry in force of the law on the language , is that of clear that not only the documents of registration of immigrants can be counterfeit . 
several certified &quot ; counterfeit &quot ; of knowledge of the language already have been fake by officials of federal service of immigration . 
the documents counterfeit had been parental in standard impresoras of colour . 
by , came to the hands of the new owners not as gift : every immigrant , queriEndose facilitate the task of through the evidence , paid by the document seven thousand rublos . 
this two sometimes and half expensive more that the official procedure of examination , that cost to worker immigrant three thousand rublos . 
the main task for a next future is protect the system against the corruption for that the &quot ; qualifications &quot ; not is they buy , convergen the officials of government and the defenders of the rights . 
to the time , the authorities can promised to the workers immigrants that not would been through with success the examination the first time more time for look the basic course of the language . 
also , to the immigrants that not speak russian is them grants jobs that not require active communication with the people . 
the ministry of internal not decision-making down measures against the illegal trade of weapons 
the percentage of crimes committed with weapons registered is quite small 
the ministry of internal proposes apply the law with greater rigid in relationship to the owners of weapons of civil use . 
this is the reaction of government to the recent incidents : apretar correctly during distance of weddings in the that by fortunately not there victims , and the massacre must by the branch lawyer apollinaire vinogrAdov , in the that apretar seven people lost the life . 
the police want ban the use and the possession of traumatic weapons in public places and raise the minimum age for the obtaining of licence for portar weapons , of 18 years to 21 years . 
this idea was supported by the head of committee of the duma in security and fight against the corruption , irina yarovaya , who promised that the reforms in the law on the possession weapons will as to the duma of state in a next future . 
not all is feel pleased with the fact of that the russian authorities are trying of counter this problem becoming the &quot ; policy of hard hand &quot ; . 
in the network has appeared a open letter , whose authors , representatives of various social organisations of competitions , demand that is bear of such measures of &quot ; rigurosidad without sense &quot ; . 
the percentage of acts of things with use of weapons registered is minimum , a to service of news bbc of russia , the criminalista lawyer vasiliy lEsnikov . 
statistics according of ministry of internal , during six months of year 2012 is were 142 crimes with use of weapons of ceasefire registered in bodies of internal , with to total of 1168 crimes registered for this same period . 
the authors of the open letter are insurance of that a more strict legislation in the sector of weapons of civil use not will a these for that the criminal is contribute to black market . 
now , according their words , in moscow is can find any weapon to under price . 
while therefore , in the ministry of internal is says that the situation of the proliferation of illegal weapons is is under control . 
suppliers : since factories to official 
the black market of weapons is relies to through of several channels . 
the main channels are years , says the colonel withdrawn emmanuele baranets , who during ten years worked in the ministry of education and in the high greater state . 
caught of screen of website website that will orders of weapons 
the first , &quot ; foothold of faction or military &quot ; , is , the weapons that were flown during the military actions in the caucasus . 
&quot ; the weapons were hurtadas by the russians official and by the ourselves caucAsicos &quot ; , says baranets . 
the next kind of &quot ; weapon black &quot ; , the flown by criminals and representatives of the forces of security . 
baranets explains that here is include the weapons hurtadas of the stores of the police and those flown directly by officials of the bodies of get of the law . 
the illegal weapons out to the sale since the military arsenals . 
in many military arsenals to had explosions . 
&quot ; there versions seeks of that some fires were damages premeditadamente for cover the lack &quot ; , observing a exmilitar . 
according baranets , the manufacturers of weapons also out their part of bit . 
&quot ; now have proliferating private factories of weapons that not are competitive in the international market and besides weapons under be to black market , including the of moscow &quot ; , says the expert . 
a more source of black market is the smuggling . 
great amount of pistols and machine from of poor countries as kyrgyzstan . 
&quot ; there have with their own production , to non-industrial , and is has set a mafia that has organised the flow of weapons &quot ; , explains the former military . 
of where come the weapons ? 
the experts have calculated what is the shorter participation of every a of these sources of supply of illegal weapons to black market . 
a report on this issue was produced in 2011 by the centre of analysis of problems and planning of the public management . 
the specialists carried reports of ministry of internal and of rosstat , criminolOgica bibliografIa and data of public access of blogs whose implore this in about to the weapons . 
the great majority of the illegal weapons , according the researchers , from of the forces armed and of the forces of security . 
the half of the weapons of black market has come there &quot ; by fault of officials whose work is related with the weapons &quot ; , is says in the report . 
according the researchers , the 17 % of the weapons from of places where there conflicts armed , the 14 % of the cases is monies during the production of weapons and the 5 % is to the &quot ; illegal archaeological &quot ; . 
the dependent of a of the shops of weapons , that asked that their name not it mentioned , says that the weapons we by illegal excavadores not the buying nobody since ago already much time because are too this . 
more to , says , the suppliers is encounter to military stores when need a starting . 
to through of some alfErez , the supplier buying a unit , by a gunpoint tt . 
the laid of registration and the spend by the fence . 
&quot ; this has the weapon to the city and the sold to 900 eur by unit with two chargers &quot ; , we account 
&quot ; but , clear , the police this to therefore of all the affairs , so that regular , when there with the plan of discovery of crimes , out purchases of test to the their of illegal weapons &quot ; , adds the dependent . 
&quot ; as in a boutique of luxury &quot ; 
the must and the one usually found to through of known . 
&quot ; visited pages website and blogs to that a kind that i proposed that outside to the platform &quot ; begovaya &quot ; , where would a man that i would to a &quot ; esquinita &quot ; where could negotiate . 
of price of weapon , i chairman only there &quot ; . 
comentarista military viktor baranets 
&quot ; for get a weapon need a friend that have contacts &quot ; , says the dependent of the shop . &quot ; i a so friend , but not i much in he &quot ; . 
in the markets there sellers , but there also is has come , say &quot ; of part of harvard . ivanovih , that asked that you i that is you had fallen a for to their daughter &quot ; . 
even i get a couple of manoplas of steel to through of a person of confidence . 
he also i the except only to me because know that not you i to delatar . 
the job for weapons of different ways . 
the former viktor military baranets is that to test in the role of one of illegal weapons to middle of the years 1990 , when is were to publish a article on this issue . 
the odd , according their words , not have changed . 
you airliner a georgian of photos where not had &quot ; of all &quot ; . 
&quot ; i felt as in a boutique of luxury &quot ; , reminds the military . 
to one , according words of baranets , not you offered belies by hare : all what that there is can prove . 
i , as potential client , not only buy ; we with the must to forest , where mouths a white . 
&quot ; i give the opportunity of shots and when i emma of that the weapon contribute well , we to negotiate &quot ; , describes the procedure the expert . 
shop of bars 
the engines of search website gets to websites and groups of &quot ; vkontakte &quot ; , where is offers buy weapons &quot ; for different involved &quot ; . 
for this not is required no document or personal events . 
&quot ; is enough have a certain amount of money &quot ; , write in the titulo of advertising senior &quot ; buy a gunpoint or a decapitated &quot ; . 
there the users do their orders and out questions . 
and sold to under of age ? 
&quot ; without permit , by &quot ; , question to user &quot ; ivAn &quot ; ( mis-spellings conservada ) . 
&quot ; buy gunpoint tt . moscow &quot ; , lacOnicamente some their question &quot ; fedorenkov &quot ; . 
the federal service of security has created a huge network of websites fake website and caught to two hands to those that want buy weapons of ceasefire . 
and the people will , as hungry eaten towards the easily , and then , to from coal in siberia 
comentarista military and exmilitar viktor baranets 
i heard about of these systems : by , the website is website reported outside reach of the russian laws . 
the people ago the orders . 
the one for the payment to through of a cash cash . 
&quot ; in answer , you research a photograph and the instructions for that will is where hidden the weapon &quot ; , mark the secretary of press of the ngos &quot ; the right to the weapons &quot ; , a.m. kislov . 
viktor baranets says that if is ago a asked in line , one is is without weapon and what mouths in the prison . 
the federal service of security has created a huge network of websites fake website and caught to two hands to those that want buy weapons of ceasefire . 
&quot ; and the people will , as hungry eaten towards the easily , and then , to from coal in siberia &quot ; , says he . 
makarov by 100 dollars 
in the buying of weapons of illegal ceasefire , according the experts , one is can spend of 100 to 900 dollars . 
according a.m. kislov of the ngos &quot ; the right to the weapons &quot ; , a gunpoint makarov is can acquire by 100-300 dollars . 
is must wait a month and half . 
is sent since the military stores by the heads of half senior . 
of the official statistics of ministry , in compared with the enero-octubre period of 2011 , the total number of these crimes in russia is reduced in a 7 % , what that is 22.900 , and the number of cases at of theft and extortion of weapons , weapons , explosives and explosives 85.8 diminished in a 7.8 % . 
is out in strike the employees of restaurants of fast food and supermarkets in us . which . 
to a quarter part of americans adolescents are their first jobs as machines in &quot ; mcdonald &apos ; &apos;s &quot ; 
in the days last , in the states is has started a wave of protests against the netherlands wages that is paid in the supermarkets of the addresses walmart and in restaurants of the popular chains of food fast , such as &quot ; mcdonald &apos ; &apos;s &quot ; , &quot ; burger king &quot ; , &quot ; bell taco &quot ; , &quot ; wendy &apos ; &apos;s &quot ; and &quot ; kentucky fried chicken &quot ; . 
by nobody is if to count if will or not this wave to the nine points , or if has aimed lose forces and amansarse in their first stages . 
the actions of protest have with the support of the trade and of a series of ngos of left . 
also of increase of the modest wages consideration by the workers of walmart and the of system of food fast , the aim of the organizers of the protests is the creation of trade of workers in these companies . 
by , this sector of the economy virtually not has been occupied by the trade movement . 
forty and six cents to year ? 
the actions started the week last , after of day of action of thank , the called &quot ; black friday &quot ; . that day , in states coomenzaba the orgy of cheap that fished to million of inhabitants , and that to was accompanied of clashes . 
that day , some workers of the addresses walmart , that as to 2.2 million of people in the world , abandoned their jobs of work and formaron orderly of together protest to the trade and activists of left in the shops of the addresses , whose products is encounter to people of modest income and moderates . 
walmart sold of all , since paNales , control of hunting and batteries for cars , to aspiradores , eggs and milk . 
the products in their shops are of average between a 8 % and a 27 % cheaper more that the of the more large supermarkets . 
is by that that many workers bad paid of walmart buy only in the work . 
the availability and the had of products have fact of walmart a of the more large corporations of america . 
according the words two critical , walmart can afford the luxury of sell products to very under price , in because paid little to their workers . 
these last also is complain of the poor working conditions , such as the lack of montacargas or naked of hand . 
that &quot ; black friday &quot ; the participants of the demonstration account the increase of wages and is complained of that the cost of sure of health provided by the happened addresses of 30 to 100 month dollars . 
for a typical worker of walmart , that , 9,5 dollars by time , this expenditure is excessive , said . 
scientists of the university of california in berkeley argue that if walmart increases the half wage to 12 $ by time , this you cost to the addresses 3.2 billion of dollars . 
this approximately a 1.1 % more of what that spent in wages now . 
if walmart put the wage increase in the shoulders of the consumers , every visit to the shop them will only 46 more expensive cents . 
in a year them will the ridiculous amount of 12,39 dollars more of what that on now . 
the supporters of walmart lot satisfied that the protest had place so only in nine states and that not was no loss to the addresses . 
the &quot ; black friday &quot ; is prolonged in their shops since the 8 of the later of thursday to the midnight of next day and , during that time , walmart marketed around of 5 articles by second . 
in total , their retailers boxes post-election the &quot ; black friday &quot ; almost 100 million of transactions . 
the representative of the company , give fogelman , declared in a interview to website website of left huffington post , that was their since of work &quot ; least of five &quot ; employees of walmart and that the protest not had been more that &quot ; another trick of public relations &quot ; , organised by the &apos; of workers . 
&quot ; free box ! &quot ; 
the protests continued this week in new , in the that the objectives not were precisely the large stores walmart ( that in this progressive city not them have hold , and by that by not there none ) , but the &quot ; mcdonald &apos ; &apos;s &quot ; and other cheaper restaurants . 
mcdonald &apos ; &apos;s says that sold thousands of million of pieces , and then or even you corresponds the low by disease and not you paid by your honest work ! 
jumaane adige , member of municipal council of new 
currently , of the federal law and the of new , the minimum wage is of 7,25 $ by time . 
the restaurants of food fast what will increasing with the time , but only slightly , and of average , the ordinary workers receive in new 8,90 dollars by time . 
nobody earns least that them in this city . 
how is possible survive in new with that money , for me is something incomprehensible . 
there a time when almost the quarter part of the americans adolescents experience by the mcdonald &apos ; &apos;s and worked there , behind of the departure , to part-time time after of the school , although still living with their parents . 
few were the that pretended this as the main source of income or planearan stay there much time . 
now , constantly tropiezo in some interviews with workers of mcdonald &apos ; &apos;s that is complain of that have live of this wage , and to even which to their children . 
by another hand , in a forum of the magazine wall journal street there a comment whose author out that is irresponsible have children if not know with what them of feed . 
the participants in the protests , that started to the 6 : 30 of the morning of thursday in the mcdonald &apos ; &apos;s of the 40th street and avenue madison , account that to the machines and broth of food fast is them start to pay by 15 $ by time , or , that is them double their minimum current wage . 
also account that in the sector of the food fast is believe trade of workers . 
the law of the us . which . from to the administration restrict this right and punish to the activists of trade movement with tricks and redundancies . 
by other part , rarely time the administration them facilitates the life . 
but , by objective reasons , is easy that the trade abarquen the sector of food rApid . 
a of the main is the excessive rotating of personal . 
discordantes 
ruidosas protests had place that same day in other cheaper restaurants of manhattan . 
the culmination of the action had place to half of rally in the mcdonald &apos ; &apos;s it close of times square , in the that took several democrats local political , in the member of municipal council of the city jumaane adige , that said : &quot ; mcdonald &apos ; &apos;s says that is markets thousands of million of pieces , and then or even you is a hospital or you paid by your honest work &quot ; . 
the demonstrators received the support of other leading democrats of new , by of candidate to mayor of the city bill of blasio , that said that &quot ; we support to the workers of sector of food fast for that forgetting receive fair wages and the economic prosperity that is deserves every neoyorkino &quot ; . 
as what described the newspaper new york times , this has been the greater demonstration of this kind in the american history of the food fast . 
but in she took only a few hundreds of people , even not all them were employees of service of food fast , in the that trabakan tens of thousands of people of new . 
still not is clear if this will of lit for cause a mass movement . 
&quot ; by , tricked to brain not is so easy &quot ; 
the issue of the reality increase , so popular between the who to the modern technologies , recently is is with as mainly to through of prism of special glasses . 
to beginning of summer , in their annual google conference proved a model in movement and subsequently , in november , is it that had microsoft presented also a request for risk the which patent . 
without , of a conversation with the head of group of interactive 3d technology in the laboratory of microsoft of cambridge , izadi sharamom , is dilucidO that for the scientists of this company , the glasses already connection to a stage last . 
to them them attracts the perspective of the manipulation of lot items in the air with the naked hands and the creation of lot open areas . 
- by favour , in general terms , what is the subject of study of their group of research ? 
- we we to the persona-ordenador interaction , but also we of expanding the limits of this interaction . 
by the humanity in their great mass has been trapped in the stage of work with the pIxeles of the flat screen , to the it with the finger . 
but us want look 5-10 years forward and intend the scattered changes in this interaction . 
by , the computers xbox and the sensors kinect represent a step forward and today in day no xbox is sold without kinect , already to all them interested the control by gestures . 
- what more we be the future ? 
- to that kinect has taken the interaction to physical level , great part of this still happens in a flat screen , to in 3d . 
the introduction of information has just ( the system , more data ) , and the exit still not is very good . 
we trying of change this , we in systems of nigh truly tridimensionales , based ​ ​ in different technologies , including the of design . 
is must release the world of the it to our , to physical , do tangible more . 
for this , without , is necessary recognise not only to user , but also the space that what are . 
then we complete the real world with lot items of a more comfortable way . 
in first place , to considers with these questioners helmets of virtual reality ! 
- what think you on the control by voice ? 
a detail very popular , but not believes that what sobreestiman ? 
- clear that not is you can consider a panacea , is outstanding of resolve the question of privacy , already not always is want that the others is through of our actions and intentions . 
of , all the types of interaction with colleges are good , but every one in their own field . 
by , for the control of alcohol in public places , we a project in the that we in the gestures , but not in loose movements , but more short . 
also , the gestures were cry not by the house of has , but by a exemptions that 4.5 the movement of the bones and the muscle . 
by is very large , but in theory can be small to size of a clock of exemptions . 
but , in , the future is for a kind combined of control , by of gesture + voice . 
- how is that ? 
- by , how i would you that you ask this &apos;p&apos;orth of soda ? 
you shall and the bring to . 
- normally i only i . 
- oh , that will to be very difficult of recognise . 
- or , you want force to the users to adapt to what that can or not can do in this time the machine ? 
- not necessarily , but is a mutual harmonization . 
i that in a next future we to have work mainly in the design of new types of sensors that they determine with precision the reactions of the person . 
these can be , by , infrared sensors , already provide a good resolution in depth , what that is very important . 
- if we of their work with the sensors of xbox kinect , what complaints has you of the modern chambers ? 
them lack resolution , depth or something more ? 
- in , the current generation is what that can be the start of our work with the tridimensional recognition . 
by , would good obtain 8 megapIxeles to the at of 1 fps . 
but the question not is in the megapIxeles , but in the quality of the parent and in the depth . 
since this last point of view , all the current technologies not are what enough good for us ; this is more work to the occurred of algoritmos . 
or , that we that remember not only the resolution in the important x and and , but also in z. 
also is important the at , the number of tables by second . 
the human movements are quite dynamic and the current of 30 fps are truly scarce , on for the gestures . 
steven bathiche , of our laboratory in redmond , was a 0.40 of contact with ajustable retardo of prosecution of 1 to 100 ms and is mention that the modern sensors produced in series are more close of second value ( 60-100 ) . 
not all the world understand in what measure this affects to the interaction hombre-mAquina . 
to me i would very useful for my work a equivalent of such has , but that not take contact for that the tables by second are more . 
- and not is necessary increase the number of chambers ? 
- the kinect has now three &quot ; chambers &quot ; , a of the which is of the issuer-pays of infrared rays and the second the recipient of the signal has . 
but the third house is in a simple 0.40 of visible diapasOn . 
this not is used for determine the depth of subject . 
potentially , more amount of chambers could resolve the problem ... 
or to contrary , increased and fundamental the amount required of are . 
would good create a flexible prove of kinect , around with the cucumbers of location of the chambers and see how this help to determinr the tridimensional position . 
- by what that i i , microsoft , to difference of google , not has presented their glasses to public . 
not you seems that , since the point of view of daily use of technologies of reality increase , the glasses are a of the more we platforms ? 
- by , through all the pink quo in high a intelligent telephone in the hands , not is very comfortable , but i i : the better option would a reality increase &quot ; transmutable &quot ; when , in basis of a platform of cloud , you could through of the glasses to intelligent telephone , 
the glasses are alcohol very personal , in that is their force ( the things private only you will see ) , but also their weakness : a reality increase based in glasses not you will work on lot items together other people . 
- imagine by a time that the manipulation of items lot hologrAficos in the is available air not only for tony stark of the film &quot ; iron man &quot ; , but also for any simple deadly . 
there a problem in this idea that the critical usually out : not there tActil answer ! 
the hands not feel nothing ! 
what answers indication their group for this challenge ? 
- in my conferences to i that the reality increase is the seventh just in the interaction between the man and the machine . 
i that the eighth well could be the addition of tActiles sensations . 
while therefore , one of the more interesting grist is the use of the second hand in quality of aid for the image . 
has the you perfectly ! 
but there also technologies that are truly win to they tangibilidad to these &quot ; images in the air &quot ; . by , the interference of several ultrasOnicos rays targeted to a point specific where is is the finger is a similar that to one feel if someone if soplAndole in the yemas of the if , but that still that is very weak . 
there also pulseras for the cuffing that impact in the nerviosas terminaciones of the if , this also a promising direction . 
- has treaty of tricked to brain ? 
on think that he feel what that seems that should feel in the time in that is something ? 
- that is a good idea , still not what we tried . 
here is behind another challenge with the that will that fight during much time , how do that a person physically within in a space very small creates that will to a open space , almost without end . we working also in the idea of the we of jeopardized ( not as the of the gyms ) , mobile platforms , so as the of the giants flair . 
by , tricked to brain not is so easy , still there work during many years . 
that is what that ago attractive the work with the virtual reality for the researchers , that many things is are in a state of total view . 
will biased personal in culture - rosbalt . ru 
&quot ; rosbalt &quot ; continues the project &quot ; vanguardismo of st petersburg &quot ; , into to the citizens that is are front , to the forefront of art and of the culture . 
in this list of the best is are we figures of art and the scene of st petersburg , whose achievements they more beyond of the city : to are recognition in europe without that russia the knows even . 
the new hero of &quot ; rosbalt &quot ; is the extravagante artist kirill miller . 
all the city known to kirill miller , a man barbudo clothing of red of down collapsed , to that is can find close of museum russian , close of garden of summer or in meetings of fashionable and inauguraciones . 
the tables of kirill miller always by to multitudes , where wants that is departure . 
kirill miller is one of these cuentistas purely sociofilOsofos of st petersburg , makers of new mitologIas . 
kirill miller is a brilliant representative of vanguardismo of st petersburg of end of the 80 - principles of the 90 . 
also , is a urban man , whose emergence in the streets of the meeting city in the inhabitants greeted and comments to all the state of mind . 
recently , took in their hands a organillo and is became in the organillero of st petersburg , already has grown for do so difficult role , by their bohemia existence , their philosophy and their image . 
- kirill , by what you by the city clothing of red and not of hindu or turquesa , by ? 
- elegI the red colour because am designer of fashionable and i am to the appearance and to the image . 
in this world , the red colour is a compromise between the artist , the makers of images and the society . 
although in the society , all what that not be a little grey for degree and inevitability of properties nothing good . 
but my rabble-rousing are &apos; to that is significant a conversation . 
all the history of my provocativas actions are a invitation to debate . 
- when comprendiste that debIas be artist ? 
- in a explanatory of palacio of culture nevsky , where is actual my jobs . 
i realised account of that that was my way . 
then the wave of old artists not official had over , and the new , free as i , were still incomprendidos . 
i i friend of artists of the new wave , with the subsequent to the that is were in gaza and nevskiy , that was to &quot ; pushkinskaya-10 &quot ; , and already is over the new wave . 
i sumI in the theatre by the clothes , the music of all the up , but not by the says . 
- and all this is juntO in your clinic of art ... - for me was important certainly in the cultural centre of st petersburg , where is be together the best creative minds . 
in 1995 , previously a territory in pushkinskaya-10 and there , while not had reforms , broad a artistic musical club , a bohemian club , the home of the bohemia of st petersburg . 
many born there : noms , tequila heard , i the way in that schnur brought to project to &quot ; the eartag of will bold &quot ; . 
schnur and their friends cantaban small songs under fonograma , vestIan got anyway , between them was the currently composer of angelika fashionable vdovin . 
when the group started to play in live , is became in &quot ; leningrado &quot ; . 
trachtenberg was animador of many programmes before of the times of hali-galivskih . 
them we to trachtenberg and was the start of their great career ; the basic education and training the received of us . 
gallery &quot ; d 137 &quot ; , the &quot ; club griboyedov , are the remains of the clinic of art . 
there would our employees and notoriously customers . 
am a hero of century last , when the culture mean something . 
in the year 2000 , the survey is was in the press , the prize was &quot ; the people of our city &quot ; . 
in the nomination &quot ; artist of year &quot ; i elected i , so end my culmination . 
in these new times not is comfortable work ; i am a man to that you like the truth , the honesty and the culture of century last . 
in our times is easy done popular , but the culture and the popularity will separate . one can be popular but very little broad . 
- there in your jobs something recognisable . 
- many of my expect are hits , in them is this clearly the today and the commonplace . 
i to do a explanatory agenda , &quot ; the museum russian in buffoons &quot ; . 
the buffoons are a criticism category . 
i before was accustoms , but now so be is painful and other . 
but in the buffoons all is embadurna and the tragedy is uen . 
i love what grotesque , i grotesque ideas . 
by , the &apos;s of world by a totalitarian change and compulsory of clothes . 
now to one what are by the clothes , orientAndose in what external , but not in the internal of the person . 
and , such to that person not is you should or give the hand , but escupirle in the face . 
and the deception is eliminated when is changes of clothes . 
- ago little you we in the role of urban organillero . - a culta city must have a so hero . 
who better that i for if ! 
- well but , to what better the trade art can be broth ? 
- now the trade art must be careful , fresh , have you . 
we being witnessing of the disintegration of the cultures . 
before the people is agrupaba in 10.5 , the bohemios wanted a thing , the simplones other . 
now all is have divided in microcomunidades , is difficult please to all . 
not am a ticket of hundred dollars for - to all . 
now there think to who you tass . 
now , every hero of broad has their 100 fan . 
- and for listen to stas mikhailov they by thousands ! 
- will to see the fend , there works the sexo-social sphere . 
and to a cultural event will 300 people , 10 thousand never come . as result , least management , least money , all is marchita . 
i to my fan , what important more is not deceive , not spoil to lose what that olivier achieved . 
when was young was such tables that a coleccionista the tenia communicated in the wall to of falk and larionov . 
i started with expect , with the that by the people stops . 
now to who the concepts . 
say spiritual culture , culture of consumption . 
not there no culture in the consumption , that is other history . 
i am a man of the culture of yesterday , crecI under the example of artists that living in the poverty and died in the poverty , is obstruct to money only for paint tables . 
i i to favour of this culture . 
- kirill , what is what that you lack to st petersburg ? 
- good experts in culture . 
there a concept : official of the culture . 
but not all them can who to the culture . 
when the on were the right all was of other way , the on such not railway very well the culture , but knew that was necessary keep to the right experts . 
in moscow now there very good consultants . 
we people in st petersburg that well could be experts , but are closed , because is need experts to a higher level that nevertheless , to they and them open way . 
now is prosperando the personal biased will . 
what same erarta , but the difference is that them say honestly that not all the modern art is accepted , there some artists that have seek other museums . 
- what is for you st petersburg ? 
- st petersburg not is a cultural capital . in moscow there very more culture , there there ground . 
but on our stones is difficult that the art &apos;s . 
need cultural ground and we now more writers that readers , this bad is . 
in europe there a lot of people with curious that will to exhibitions and concerts . 
in our case , this class is tiny . 
we that do that the is art of fashionable , as what was to at of century last . 
the project is implemented with a subsidy of st petersburg . 
give to light in the space 
the is earth in danger . 
global warming or clash with a murderer asteroid . 
poorly of space losses with human to board proceed in search of a planet of spare . 
for keep the humanity is ago the main question : how continue the kind in conditions of carrying or in the same planet of spare ? 
i that there little where choose . 
of , only two are real milky that can be colonial , to hipotEticamente . 
&quot ; these are venus and mars &quot ; , says the researchers head of alleged state institute , sternberg p. k. ( iaes ) , vladimir surdin . 
but if the conditions in mars are best for the life , in the surface of venus the temperature is of 500 degrees . 
only is can live to large altitudes or in the from of venus ... in the space . 
is started to address the problems of reproduction in the space with the flora . 
ago already half century that is were to out experiments with plants . 
four generations of peas cultivados in from not is differed in nothing of the outlaw varieties . 
after wine the rearing of insects in the from , small crack of the fruit , the drosOfilas . 
in 1979 is submitted to space eggs of codorniz for check how is develops the embryo in conditions of carrying . 
helps as result a normal polluelo . 
but then start the problems . 
&quot ; the is problem in that this polluelo has find support , must be on their own feet and start to ! &quot ; , explains vladimir sychev , the director of laboratory of institute of biomEdicos problems ( ipbm ) of the academy of sciences of russia . 
to not find support , the polluelos by volteretas to gambling . 
and after of 10 hours in the would babies is was a total atrofia of the shared . 
the polluelos not ecu to the light or to audio . 
and the unfortunately was that to four days simply is died . 
&quot ; and two sometimes we that born the polluelos , but then what stop because was impossible work there with them &quot ; , , observing vladimir sychev on failure of experiment with the polluelos in the space . 
the last time that a &quot ; miniarca &quot ; biological area to the from was ago 16 years . 
in the spring of 2013 foreseeable the experiments . 
without , in the biosatElite &quot ; bion &quot ; only travel species of a same sex . 
there a experiment with asked , that were revised to space already with foetuses . 
in , not is found nothing sobrenatural . 
&quot ; this was precisely in the biosatElites , but this was a experiment only , and studies as this must be to out &quot ; , observing vladimir sychev . 
after of landing , the space asked had offspring . 
without , still not is has managed address the problem of the reproduction directly in the space . 
is a difficult challenge . 
the animals , to lose their her habitat , simply not can to their sexual backbone . 
the man , without , to difference of the small animals , in , can . 
the homo sapiens has the abstract reasoning and is capable of create a emotional appropriate fund . 
similar experiments not is have to out by ethical reasons . 
but the women travel to space since ago already 50 years . 
the greater risk what happened tereshkova . 
and what more precious that has the humanity is the female body . 
our gaviota fly , and nobody in the earth could say : if is after of a flight to space . 
will or not have a baby after of this flight . 
&quot ; after of all , to this question nobody has would &quot ; , observing the contractor of aerospace sector vachnadze vakhtang . 
in june of 1964 , only after of a year of flight to space , the first woman cosmonauta , tereshkova valentina , was to light to a daughter . 
the father of the girl , andrian nikolayev , was also cosmonauta . 
in 1988 , the second woman cosmonauta , savitskaya svetlana , who two sometimes was in from and even worked in the open space , had a son . 
without , the risk still . 
we few , are wall the astronauts to those after of long flights all them has result well , and a healthy generation next growing . 
&quot ; and if is can say more , is dangerous even in orbitales flights &quot ; , sums the pilot cosmonauta , hero of the soviet union , hero of russia , valery polyakov . 
without , the humanity must seek some ways new in the biotechnology , in the radiation protection , in the creation of the artificial serious . 
the hidrolaboratorio of centre of preparation of cosmonautas is a compulsory stage in the preparation for the flight . 
in conditions of would flotabilidad , the cosmonautas bars their skills of work in the space . 
the water simula the carrying . 
if for a adult the water is a comfortable environment , although still hostile , for a child would born is their home element . 
the small hombres-anfibio seem confirm that the life in the earth about of ocean . 
there a connection between the fact of that the baby is even approximately 9 months within their mother in the amniOtico liquid-fuel , therefore you will more easy used then to water . 
in , this logical , because since the time of birth to the time of first bathing spend only 2 weeks . 
&quot ; this very little for forget something &quot ; , says aware aksenova , monitora of swimming of would babies . 
in short , if the carrying is a more natural state for a would born , for the women is necessary the gravitaciOn , the force of the serious . 
in the carrying the muscle abdominales and of the pelvis is decrepitan very rapid , the capacity of expulsion of acceptable is reduces . 
good , omitimos that , by in the action of encouraging for the childbirth . 
is can , by , give to light in a house special , this what empujarA . 
&quot ; and then what ? &quot ; , valeri polyakov is ago this original question . 
by other part , the child also needs artificial serious . 
without the that of serious , the body not cent the european-wide or the enter system . 
to a would born in from is impossible vestirlo with a special suit for entrenamientos , as to the adults . 
simply is you hunt of what that is vital for he . 
&quot ; and this experiment that we to do together , to allow the birth of a child in a environment strange , will place to that traigamos to the earth to a disabled , to a person completely suit &quot ; , no the head of committee of bioethics-related of institute of biomEdicos problems of the academy of sciences of russia , angelika pestov . 
by , the birth of children in the space is a theoretical question . 
without , with the time this will a reality , when the human beings in their losses is associated to a ago planet that will the home for their children babies in the space . 
head of nkU : the inspection of system &quot ; švarc &quot ; not has given with the guilty political 
in public tenders , the republic czech account with good inspectors and a legislation of quality , although their implementation cojea . 
so what says kala miloslav , vice-president of the office of by control ( nkU ) in a interview for aktuAlně . cz . 
&quot ; the law never will perfect &quot ; , but their implementation must be right . &quot ; this , in my opinion , what that we lack &quot ; , so describes the current situation . 
the controls joint of the czech inspectors and germans also they to similar conclusions . 
as example of a wrong practice , mentions the attitude of petr nečas towards the system of be not only on the role , that is known as the system &quot ; švarc &quot ; . 
the first minister said recently that the ods ( democratic civic party ) not molestarIa to the employers with inspectors . then , is ban or allowed ? 
&quot ; the law must be campaigns of some way and if from something , in that case , or the president of government can prevent the action of the office that has the duty of to these controls or demand obligations &quot ; , complaints kala . 
in the meeting of the commission of control in the congress of the members , ud . spoke of common project between the czech team and the german , in the framework of which is bosnian the which legislation to the public tenders in both countries . 
what is exactly ? 
is is of a parallel control that are to to ago a two years . 
said of way accurate : the european legislation regulariza how is must organise the public tenders , to this you still the existing legislation in every country and , after , the these in yes . 
us what we uk all and , although the still control not has complete , we obtained differences very interesting . generally , the legislation of our country is &quot ; strict more and more full &quot ; , without , the concrete these in some parameters is better in germany . 
is confirms , therefore , that not enough with integrate rules every more stricter time , but that is necessary focus in the implementation of the same law . 
what can they of this project ? what believes that are the conclusions ? 
precisely a common control of this kind could make to that longer of invest efforts in the closer of the laws , the reduction and the improvement of the limits , although this not have a impact so positive . 
the economy of saving means get a thing appropriate to a reasonable price ( what that not always means that the price be the under more ) for avoid so the enrichment and , to the long , the criminal actions . 
but not by the fact of reduce the limit of the tenders want say that we to this . 
perhaps because the is system saturation with therefore &quot ; tape &quot ; , that those that want seek failures in the system will do more easily that if the limits is maintained so higher as now . 
ud . about of the problems of our country with the transfer of the legislation that regulates the prActicaa of the public tenders . 
how works the system of controls in germany ? 
is a office analogous to our nkU or is appoint of other way ? 
in the offices , as the nkU , there acts the bundesrechnungshof ( federal court of accounts ) , with a similar organisation to the our , with a school also , what only is that in their is case structured of a way a therefore different , but in both offices evolve parallel . 
also the powers are to true analOgas point , without , in that germany has a federal organisation , the courts of accounts is are even to this level . in this aspect from slightly of our system . 
the federal court of accounts ( brh ) only can control the federal money , what that here call state funds . 
the public funds , that are administered by the regions and the municipalities , there , in germany , is monitored in the federal court of accounts . 
in the local legislation , is more simple that the our ? 
by , not i like establish a compared without specific data . not , germany still being a model in some aspects , but not is can must with what in what is better . 
could be better , by , in the quality of the inspectors ? 
that sure that not , but , repeat , not i like do this kind of comparisons . 
is necessary say that even those countries that we as model must do with a great number of problems . 
if not outside so , not them contribute no benefit cooperate with our office , not believes ? 
in the legislation of our country , what meant for their office the amendment of law on the public tenders ? is world of some way their impact ? 
taking in account that the period of validity of this amendment is relatively short , still not is has said in the actions of control . 
given taking former controls post , is be have with a true delay . 
by , is noticeable in the process of preparation of the future controls : we started a new tool of &quot ; detection of risks not economic &quot ; , by the that we fact through almost 14 public tenders , that have been considered . the changes is will perfectly reflected here , already is modify the limits , is rectifican the conditions of some types of process of selection and similar . 
as that the adoption of this law is beneficial or that , more well , is a large for the bureaucratic system ? 
i that this law is surely a step in the right direction and hope that so be . 
the problem that can emerge is that the regulation &quot ; is glad &quot ; and that be impossible must . 
already with the regulation previous , the people controlled were linked to contractor ( by , in the case of the operational regional programmes of regional council ) , and every law not respected in public tenders mean the violation of the budgetary discipline . 
has sense then tighten the law of this way ? 
i that not of this way . 
the system must from to those that want atacarlo or profit of he and not punish to those that commit a formal failure , that not has impact in the decision-making of decisions . 
a system of this kind only will create a greater bureaucratic pressure . 
and how is its of this ? 
will towards where we has this way started . 
the first minister has declared recently that the ods not molestarIa to the employers with controls of called system švarc , with reference to fact of be not only on the role . what means this ? 
the system švarc &quot ; is ban or allowed ? 
the law must be campaigns of some way and , if from something , then or even the first minister of government can prevent the action of the office that has the duty of to these controls and demand obligations . 
can say : &quot ; cambiamos the law and what allowing &quot ; , but not can say that we as if nothing . 
in the law on the public tenders , the regulation is quite strict in way in that is must act formally . and so is as must be for protect the public competition . 
but , by another hand , is tragic that is excluded to candidate with the better supply by not with the formal demands . 
the law never will perfect , but their implementation must be right . this , in my opinion , what that we lack . 
the roads have le of ice , although in their majority are passable 
in several places of the republic czech the roads have le of ice and of snow . 
although the majority of the ways are passable , in some must likewise the caution . 
region of bohemian bohemian 
today by the morning the roads in the region of bohemian bohemian were passable , but were le of ice and of snow . 
the temperature falling and abolition between five and ten degrees under zero . during the day subirAn slightly the thermometers . 
has longer of nevar in the region and in the lowest areas the layer of snow is thin . 
in , in the crestas of the erzgebirge statistic the snow than almost the 30 centimetres . 
in some places the visibility was still bad to cause of the fog , according the information of centre of control of operations of the roads of the region . 
the way fast r6 and the road of first category in the region are now passable without restrictions . 
without , is should best the caution , on in some bridges whose surface can be helada and be slippery . 
also , also are passable all the ways of second and third category , including the roads of mountain . 
not , in some of them still there stretches with remains of ice and snow apisonada . 
is be increase the attention in the road , on in the more do areas . 
region of pardubice and experience experience 
in some roads of eastern bohemia there danger of frost and in more do areas and in the mountains can have set a layer of snow in the ways , reports in their pages the direction of roads and motorways . 
the managing of roads around to the drivers on the danger that is train le of ice , especially in more do areas of the region of pardubice . 
can happen frost in the took of lanškrouna , UstI bankrupt orlicI , poličky , svitav or mýta vysokEho , and on in the roads of second and third category . 
the roads i / 43 and i / 34 in svitav have been treated chemically . 
there snow especially in the roads of the mountains of krkonoše to orlickE hory . 
there a layer of snow apisonada in the more highest areas of the roads in the municipalities of rychnov bankrupt kněžnou and trutnov . 
in the area of the eastern bohemia , the sky will today between cap and partially nublado , without rainfall . 
the temperatures oscilarAn by between three under zero and a degree positive , soplarA a weak wind . 
region of pilsen 
the roads in the region of pilsen are passable today by the morning , although must likewise the caution and will necessary adapt to time . 
in the first hours of the will frost morning , the temperatures oscilarAn between three and nine degrees under zero . 
after of the nevada and of after declining of the temperatures , some ways also could be covered of ice . 
in some places the drivers is you with fog , but the visibility will this . 
this what that is from of the information of centre of control of operations of roads of the region . 
the appears d5 is transitable almost without restrictions , although is should best the caution , on in the way between the for 80 and 131 . 
the surface of the majority of the roads of first category is dry and without ice . 
in the area of the road of pilsen and border tachov with germany can have stretches with le of ice . 
the ways of second and third category are wetlands , by what that , in this case , also is means of stretches with le of ice . 
the drivers should be careful more , especially in the ways least minimized in the area of Šumava . 
region of olomouc 
the drivers that is associated to the more do areas of the region of olomouc is you with snow partially abandoned . 
after of chemical treatment , still became snow in the port of ČervenohorskE and in the way in direction to videlský křIž . 
the managing of roads off the snow during the night ; in the road of Šumper is acumularon a three centimetres of snow , according the administrators of the ways . 
in the rest of the region , the majority of ways are passable without restrictions . 
&quot ; in the more highest areas of the road of Šumper , are remains of snow . 
the drivers in the port of ČervenohorskE is you with half snow abandoned in direction to jesenIk &quot ; , has confirmed today a operator of the administration of roads of Šumper to the Čtk . 
on the ground and of night did to the jesenickA also their colleagues and , after of chemical treatment , the runs of the more highest areas are now despejadas and emissions . 
in the road of olomouc the ways are passable without restrictions , in the of ŠternberskA the drivers should drive with caution in the forest stretches , where the ways are be wetlands . 
region of UstI bankrupt bankrupt and region of czech 
the operators of the roads of north of bohemia have informed on complications in different stretches to first time of the morning . 
apart of some places in the that has believer or came , according the basis of data of the police the road of mountain between telnice and knInice in the region of UstI bankrupt is closed bankrupt . 
the temperatures is have under zero , even in the more lowest areas , by what that the ice and the snow obviously there in the road . in , in the more lowest areas , especially in the south-east of around czech central , not there problems and the roads , by , are dry . 
by the mmento not is have reported complications of service . 
the operators of roads have your of the presence of ice in the but of ŠtětI . 
according the meteorOlogos , the conditions have been ideals during the night . during the day is expected rain and snow that is melting and by the night the sky will cap and will ice . 
since the general roads is have announced unfavourable conditions in the road i / 13 , in the border between the region of UstI bankrupt bankrupt and czech . 
the road between telnice and knInice had that be cut by the bush of the trees that is had arqueado on the way with the weight of the snow . 
Šimon ornest : in our concerts want accrue positive energy 
is says that in little least of a month will to come the end of world , what view on this ? 
only is a of between many other news alarmist to the that we like hold . 
to group of music the tap tap we like more well do jokes on this and we like say that we the only group of music of world that manages together enough positive energy for postpone the end of world or for prevent . 
also , in december organizAis a project really original : three concerts against the end of world . 
can explain to our readers ? 
is is of a beneficial state act that have organise since ago two years . 
we decided to take the potential of marketing that has the end of timetable maya wisely for the 21 of december to the 11 : 10 of the morning . 
the previous day , the 20 of december to the 21 hours , co-host 3 aeroplanes concerts in prague , brno and ostrava . 
features approximately to the same time in the that stops the timetable maya in the kiribati island , in the ocean pacific , 12 hours by front our explainable area . 
to who is you happened this idea ? 
9 was my idea , after were forjando the project all together with our honza augusta designer . 
also of issue together enough positive energy and avoid the end of world , also want think , together the society , on the state in that we the world to our children . 
with occasion of end of timetable maya also we created a published only of articles : you , t-shirts , meet and original llaveros against the end of world that can advertised in www . e-tap . cz , other way of safely . 
the group the tap tap , together other interpreters , also sung the called anthem against the end of world , that has by title &quot ; end of world , cancelled &quot ; . 
currently is very popular in youtube , is will hear in the efforts concerts ? 
clear that yes , and will fair the last , good , always all from well and not is an the world ... 
the cantarAn all the interpreters to in the three concerts . 
the himnos is enlazarAn between yes simultaneously thank the special broadcasting in direct in the television czech . 
tomAš hanAk has writing the lyrics of this song and amidst the role leading of jesus in the videoclip , where also along xindl x ... 
how about this cooperation ? 
we together even with other personalities of the cultural scene czech , apart of organise many efforts acts and concerts ... 
mouths all our as in participate in this project . 
is has shown that to the majority of them them interested and them divierte work with us . 
to what is will the money youngsters in the concerts against the end of world ? 
to equipment for the education centre without barriers studeo , that have to term in their sixth running year with the civil partnership tap in jedličkův Ustav . 
the at of the school of jedličkův Ustav receive regularly the visit of teachers with the that out entertaining activities and interesting . 
the at not have of economic enough media for pay to the teachers and we a efuerzo for do possible . 
in the framework of the completion of the works in jedličkův Ustav , will a independent building to that we trasladaremos with this project . 
in every aid act several groups and interpreters . 
what are the criteria of selection ? 
tries up a programme that be attractive for all the generations , including the children . 
by , in prague actuarAn chinaski , support lesbiens , illustratosphere with give bArta , the tap tap , mariAn bango and jiřI suchý . 
for obtain more detailed information , look put www . kpks . cz . 
you measures any other &quot ; witnessed action &quot ; similar in the future ? 
in may we by first time in the festival pražskE jaro , so that here surely preparing a attractive programme with interesting invited . 
the year that next also we like play in the bohemian national calculating of new and to me , personally , as that we in states , i like amplify with actions in washington and in bear . 
vuestros plans in the abroad not are precisely minimalistas , to you action by in madrid , brussels , london or moscow . 
the tap tap is , not , a group set by people with disabilities . 
how is the logistical and the organisation of these travel ? 
not is so difficult how can appear to . 
there five member in wheelchair of we wheelchair , the chairs must travel in the operates for luggage and also have much weight , the boxes with the instruments ... 
without , to we the we managed well . Čsa and british airways were perfectly prepared , thing that not is of puzzles . 
even in moscow , of where we their ago little , went all without problems . 
thank the check-in to abroad look for the different attitudes of the society towards the disabled and other aspects . 
with what you you found to ? 
in madrid , luxembourg , london and other cities , all works better that here ; in russia we been witnessing of that , in the this , is much way by go . 
to difference of prague , is full moscow of barriers , there still without be often that a person is person single by the centre of the city in a wheelchair of we wheelchair . 
something so aware as is , by , give preference to someone in wheelchair of wheelchair in lift , there not what is . 
by fortunately , is has created a civil partnership that is intensive by tematizar the problems of the people with disabilities . 
in what aspects we take example of more countries progressive ? 
there many aspects in the that we by behind ... 
but is important mention that the as and the improvement of the situation always on of the people to the that affects directly . 
in london and in madrid is very normal that the people with a serious disabilities is person by their account in public and can go to service , to museum , where wants ... 
but not is very common that a great number of people with disabilities obtain in the social life of active way , in this aspect , with the tap tap we a little by front ! 
a environmentally-friendly society or without barriers is a thing , but when comes the time in the that emergence eminent sportsmen , artists , players , political or lawyers , start to change all of truth . 
to , are cases isolated of people that have a great force of will . 
the group the tap tap is currently very popular , but if at a years back , what you was to be the group in 1998 ? 
there as educador in jedličkův Ustav , where had very young people to my around that wanted who to something . 
and since i am musician , toco , between other , the saxofOn , fundE a healthier group with a about of work . 
and with the time , as says our lAďa counts angelovič , is we was a little of the hands ( laughter ) . 
without , the popularity not was to these last years , or i wrong ? 
is truth that we helped quite the fact of connecting with famous singers and also work actively for promote the group . 
we to the conclusion of that the work that not is is , is as if not existed . 
thank the aid of the european union , we afford also teachers of quality , equipment , etc 
belong intention of come so far with the tap tap ? 
since the principle i the potential that had , that is can do something of another way . 
the world of is full spectacle of things that is seem the a to the other . 
is logical , to their way , all what new is welcomes with caution and long much time in accepted . 
there few extraordinary things , but i dare to say that the tap tap is a of them . 
the impression of someone that we is by first time is clearly the compassion , is a natural reaction ... 
but the compassion is completely superfluous because the people with disabilities not are beings ruins that suffer and of the that we have compassion . 
there people that is capable of live a full life and develop , with the condition , by , of that will of the necessary media . 
i always i that if something them its well to people with disabilities , then , not is only a progress for them , but for all the society . 
helped the fact of that is ud . a challenging head , as you describes very people ? 
if want do a work of quality , we that be rigorous in many aspects and demand certain discipline . 
i that is completely normal . 
some people they with a romantic vision and with the head in the clouds and when is ever that have come two days to experimenting , go to the preparatory test and through much time travelling and in concerts , the initial euphoria them or quickly . 
but so is how works in all parties , in every group that want work and get something . 
currently the group the tap tap has twenty member . 
many of them were already in the beginning of year 1998 ? 
only one : lAďa angelovič . 
we a open group , the people enter and its , not is can avoid . 
who have will and wish heart always the open doors 
will the day before of expected end of world , the thursday 20.12.2012 to the 21 hours 
will place in the incheba bit of prague , in flEda of brno and in plynojem in ostrava and attending 12 groups and other musicians of the republic czech 
the three cities is conectarAn to end of the have to through of relevant for announces together the song of group the tap tap &quot ; end of world , cancelled &quot ; 
the aim of aid is together the necessary resources for funding activities equipment of education centre without barriers studeo in jedličkův Ustav of prague , whose cost out to 25 million of czech billion . 
the entry to aid costs 400 czk and the children to 12 years have entry free in the option of sale early in bohemiaticket 
poland and the laughing-stock . 
in the meeting of ministers of the countries of the agency space european held the week last is accepted to poland as twelfth member of the that . is the second country member of the that of former bloc of europe of this , after of the republic czech , that is became in plenary member the 12 of november of 2008 ) . 
poland set a intensive cooperation with the that in the year 1994 and during the subsequent years part in the commission of projects of the agency . 
without , the way of poland towards the laughing-stock began much before . 
the poles enthusiasts already is always to the flights to space before of the second world war , although not always is about their work . 
i , by , the conference of by Šternfeld in the alleged centre of warsaw in the that , the 6 of december of 1933 , presented their ideas on the study hit &quot ; introduction to the cosmonautics &quot ; . 
the ideas of young engineering ( born the 1905 ) was to the indifferent assistants and , years after , Šternfeld had that the dr . jan gadomski had been the only that had shown interest in their work . 
in the year 1934 Šternfeld successful in france the prize robert esnault-pelterie and andrE beautifully louis by their &quot ; introduction to the cosmonautics &quot ; . 
the doctor jan gadomski ( 1899 - 1966 ) , mentioned before , is became more later in a great drive of the astronomy and of the cosmonautics . 
published hundreds of articles in polish weeklies and wrote a series of books dedicated to this scientific discipline . 
gadomski is became in a promoter of the cosmonautics , was known in all the world and their contribution to the science is was rewarded when is that their name to one of the crAteres of the face hidden of the moon . 
already in the year 1925 is was in poland a dresina that was to be lay of a engine of rockets . 
unfortunately , is unknown who was the author of the proposal and not is know the destalles of project . 
not is clear if the lift-off was to be used for the cold-start of the dresina or for their while . 
the information on this dresina is limited to the collection in the press of the time . 
to year 1933 the polish artillery began to who to the rockets . 
the research was funded by the komOrka techniki uzbrojenia in cooperation with the prof . mieczyslawem wolfkem and prof . gustawem mokrzyckiegim . 
to material essential , is ago clear that the research was to used of the practices evidence . 
not , with the arrival of the german troops , is was the research . 
in the year 1937 about in the specialised press the classic of a destroyed of fotoelEctrico hunting designed by the engineering rohoziński and the next year was published the study &quot ; rakieta - torpeda powietrzna i rakietobomba lotnicza &quot ; , of author leliwa-krzywoblocki . 
both projects were for to military use of the engines for rockets . 
little before of the war , the committee scientific provisional advisory ( tymczasowy doradczo-naukowy komitet ) is responsible of all the projects of technical of rockets for military use and coordinaba all the jobs . 
the committee was founded in 1937 , but after of two years of activity , is was interrupted by the beginning of the war . 
other studies dedicated to the cosmonautics appeared in the polish press after of the war thank to work of the polish society of astronAutica ( towarzystwo astronautyczne polskie ) . 
in the edition of november of 1954 of the magazine problemy is ago reference by first time to the society with four articles very far-reaching dedicated to the astronAutica . 
in one of them , of prof . gijs subotowicze , is proposed the creation of a society that is devoted to the cosmonautics . 
in that time already is had since in into projects of artificial satellite and was obvious that the cosmic research was a discipline with prospects of future . 
since principles of 1956 the polish society of astronAutica ( pta ) hoped to be part of the international federation of astronAutica ( set in 1951 ) and in autumn of that same year the pta is became in plenary member . 
the next year the first president of the pta , kazimierz zarankiewicz ( 1902 - 1959 ) , happened to be the vice-president of the international federation of astronAutica . 
occupy this office to their death in 1959 . 
to 1956 , the pta part of significantly way in the development of lift-off probe rm ( meteorologiczna rakieta ) , that was a success and is became in the first polish lift-off in the that is was to out scientific research . 
the first kind rm-1 was complete in 1957 and is launched by first time the 10 of october of 1958 . 
the lift-off had a on of 1.8 metres , a 80 cm of length and not unable to the 5 kg of weight . 
more later , is end of build the rm-1a version and in summer of 1959 is were the airlines evidence of the rm-2 rockets of two stages in the desert of błędOw . 
the lift-off measured 1.4 metres and pesaba a 11.5 kg . 
another kind of lift-off in development was to be subject of scientific real study . the lift-off rm-34 was to have a on of 14,5 km and their mission would control the wind of all . 
without , in 1962 is dissatisfied the jobs . 
the successor of the first rockets of kind rm was the lift-off meteor-1 , that is was during the years 1962 and 1965 . 
is diseNO as lift-off of two stages , with a total length of 510 cm and a initial weight of 32.5 kg . 
is perfectly three types ( called meteor-1a , -1b and -1c ) , that is differed between yes by the available space for the scientists equipment . 
in the meteor-1a lift-off the available space for the volume was of 0.4 litres , in the meteor-1b of 0,34 litres and in the meteor-1c of 0,62 litres . 
the maximum on in the three types was of 37 km . 
between the years 1965 and 1968 is developed in the institute air the meteor-2 lift-off , whose first airlines evidence is were in october of 1970 . 
the lift-off meteor-2 had a initial weight of 380 kg and was capable of carry a useful weight of 10 kg to 60 km of all . 
subsequently is was the version meteor-2h and meteor-3 . 
is necessary mention also the entry of poland in the cospar ( openly and space person ) in the year 1960 and the training of national committee of cospar two years after . 
in the framework of programme interkosmos , poland is joined to the research of cOsmico space on artificial soviet satellite and , in the year 1978 , the polish pilot miroslaw hermaszewski is became in the second intercosmonauta after of vladimir remek . 
the from of the law on social jobs not is the solution . 
the week last the brought constitutional suspended the traabajos social law . 
the resolution adherents a prevents discussion in the society . 
since then will interesting at the existing commission since a point of more broader view . 
the economic liberals systems in the eu , as that in the globalised world , is based in the principle of a greater economic competition and least regulation . 
in , this means that the different economic forms and the economic national systems are in permanent conflict between yes . 
the cause is is in the principle of free trade and of free movement and unlimited of private capital , together the financial speculation unbridled . 
the effect of the large differences in the labour cost ( of the wages ) is economic tensions . 
under this concept is necessary understand the situation in the that the manufacturer , with the imports of cheap goods , is shorten distances and for this &quot ; from a bajadda &quot ; of price of competitor with the aim of done with the greater part of market and , of this way , increase their for of profits . 
to great level means , for the majority of the employers , enterprises the production to abroad , buy there cheap more or well as . the result is a unemployment high in those countries in the that the price of work , in compared with other economies , is more high . 
because the private capital not has social responsibility any and , with this , not is responsible of unemployment that this phenomenon cent , overall necessarily the social expenditure of state . 
all this situation attacked the total guidance of the employers by pay taxes and compensate the economic damage and social that have caused in their breadth of obtain profits . 
the situation is universally so known that not is necessary it statisticians specific data . 
the practices little escrupulosas of private capital do situations , in certain economies , in the that the governments of these countries is are forced to compete with the aim of reduce artificially the social level of the own population and , of this way , attract abroad capital to country . 
said of other way , the governments out private capital to available of their own population without have in account the social decline . 
this is ago patent on in the changes of the force laws . 
the aim is force to the population to that accept the dictated of private capital , on in as to the wages . 
this has place , by a part , by the system of economic duty in the case of unemployment of long long-term ; by other , by the right restricted of the employees in working rights . 
the result is a poverty growing together the increase of the differences between poor and rich . 
since ago a series of years , there in germany points of over of food for poor people that not can be with their own work . 
the number of people that receive this kind of aid comes already to million . 
in the framework of increase of the competitiveness of the economy german , is is a case quite often : people employed with a wage so under that the state must pay the rest for come to essential minimum for survive . 
is was public a scandal of this kind related with the situation of the additional employees of federal german parliament . 
the measures of saving of virtually all the states of southern of the eu gets , without place to doubt , to the same situation . the people , pressure by a abismal decline of their social level , is are forced to must as in the century 19th or to malvivir with a rotten wage in the limit of the society , with the hope of that day some comes to capital country private investor . 
is necessary preguntrarse of where next ? 
in the case of that is involved of other countries of the eu , then the poverty is of a country to another or not comes never , since chinese , indian , brazilian , turks , moroccan , egyptians or african are working by a tiny part of a european wage . 
this also affects to all latin america . 
the liberals bilbao and the media of communication claim to the all that the state not should they capital to the economy , that you the economy leads to their failure . 
the private capital stand with tooth and european the a of that the state not should intervene in the economy entrometiEndose in the control . 
to continuation , is necessary ask if the private capital not part with their egoism in the policy into and , by , in all the state . 
in this case the answer is clearly definite . 
the test is the existence of lobbies , in the practice very powerful and curse , in all the states . 
the result is a some situation that is world in the area of the corruption , in the mutual end , in a legislation that is virtually attitude in all parties but not is criminal . 
in germany the situation is the next : the state ministries , to lack of financial media , at the significant of projects of law to legal private companies , the which are to linked with the industry . 
this kind of projects of law are adopted after in the bundestag , the german parliament . 
of this way , all the power not from of people , such and as is is in the constitutions of the western democracies , but of the strong financial groups that represent their own interests . 
is obvious that the democracies with a liberal it is who quickly in a situation how the that describes appiAnos in their labour the crisis of the republic roman in times of caesar and pompeya : &quot ; the state was time desintegrAndose and the administrations is high-ranking to the force &quot ; . 
to bribery , end bad ilegItimamente and aid for funding stones or revealed . 
the admissions and the corruption is spread without from one and the people urumqui to the ballot with the vote apalabrado of &quot ; ... &quot ; not had people with nature that aspirara to a since in the administration , so that a time , to cause of this asking , the state was eight months without best-case &quot ; ... &quot ; began to hears in seriously of that the only no for a situation so serious was the autocracy and that was necessary always a strong man &quot ; ... although appiAnos i in pompeya , caesar by to power and taskforce the democracy for always in autocracy . 
the conclusion , of same way that in the old , is that the current society is on in preferences discredit of individual benefit without have in account the common interests . 
the private capital not is capable , in their essence , of understand and risk the profits of all the society . 
the result is the same that the of then , a colonised of the elite without unprecedented , without that is she a effort for them in depth . 
the causes of booming of the fascist regimes and communist must other , by , in the liberalisation unbridled of the economic systems in the century 19th and 20th . 
with respect to the current situation , is possible consider the disappearance of these systems in benefit of a democracy of liberal kind , as a pause criticise , to the expected of next coup . 
the fact really demoledor is that the current elite ignores by completely the losses of hundreds of thousands in lives , social disasters and humanitarian of the that we been witnessing , so as the crimes against the humanity , such and as the we in the former history and the recent more . 
the from of the law on public tenders not is the solution ; to not to long long-term . 
under pressure of the economic competition , therefore to international level as within the eu , the government of the republic czech is be forced to continue for other ways for reduce the social level of the population . 
this trend is , by , systemic . 
the solution is by sociopolIticas specific reforms , that strengthen therefore the participation of capital of state as the influence of the citizens in the government and that weaken the position of monopoly of private capital in the society in benefit of state . 
israel : the laboratory of chaos . 
&quot ; that nothing comes degradation violence and nothing ever could &quot ; ( not from nothing of the violence and nothing could do ) , sting in their song fragile and whose estribillo : &quot ; cleanup &apos ; &apos;s do not forget how we fragile event &quot ; ( not we forget of what fragile that we ) . 
&quot ; if my children not want wars , not would no &quot ; gutele schnaper , wife of mayer amschel rothschild , in their bed of death in the year 1849 . 
after of the last waves of violence between israel and the strip of gaza , have that , as always , reactions various . 
a , of hand of israel , argues to favour of right of self-defence and encasilla to the palestinians in the because of terrorists . the other supports to the palestinians and allegedly racism by state of israel , genocide by against palestinians arab and accordingly to israel of terrorist state . 
not i focus in who is guilty of the massacres that is are regular and who is the victim . to and to out , the citizens of today in day of israel , including the self-employed territories , born within the policy current situation and not lived the beginning of the violence . 
my intention is offer to the readers a behind look of curtain , a look for be who out from of the tensions that is prevails since ago 95 years ( calculated to the balfour declaration in november of 1917 ) in a small surface of earth of east half . 
some of my considerations is based in historical facts , other in conclusions to the that i come on the basis of my own way of understand the subject , on who or what group of people is the main drive of the events of the modern history . 
in the history of the humanity the history of the struggles by the is power in first class . 
in every time we find a great great or a countess . 
but what that already not is so clear is if always were these individuals the that with their steps of deliver way or if behind of their charles had someone that orientaba their actions towards a particular aim . 
we accept that live in a time that with the wealth of world in the hands of a few individuals and that to this concentration of money and the power that this means , not is has been come in a single generation . 
of between these astronOmicamente richest families least a that could be the prominent more ( if still there someone behind , not what know , but not what may ) : the rothschild . 
not is says much to close of them . 
course . 
in the years 90 of century 19th bought the first agency of news ( station ) for that any of with their name with criminal acts of very serious . the power and the wealth , or both , them fees the back , thing that for them always meant a just . 
have important cautiously in almost all the central banks of world and in those countries in the that not are represented , is has declared or is is for a war : before of attack to afghanistan were 7 countries , after of attack of iraq were 5 , after of bring to gaddafi only remained four , but meanwhile russia has counts the central bank to government russian . 
all at that has tried against to this family has died . 
1861 abraham is refused to renew the state of bank central bank of america of the rothschild , began during the war of 1863 to this money and was murdered in 1861 in the theatre . 
arrar started to this money and wanted decision the system of federal reserve ( states ) and was murdered in 1963 ; the congresista louis mc fadden was poisoned the year 1936 after of issue bring to the states by have outrage the great economic crisis of year 1929 . 
their breadth by the world power them was during the years 1859 - 1871 to maintain a plan with three world wars , designed by the masOn albert pike , caught with the degree 33 . 
the first war is cause as aim eliminate the large monArquicos states in all europe ; the second wanted eliminate the colonial was , especially of great britain , and the third is proposed reduce the population of the earth between half million and thousand million of people ( such amount of slave for their welfare and would luxury and not consumirIan many resources ) , also of the creation of a universal religion ( the ecumenismo not is nothing more that a closely for such solution ) and the final adoption of the complete powers . 
the method with the that operates the group of the more richest families , together the rothschild , still the dynamic of releasing of crisis and the after offer of a solution ( order ab cao - order to chaos ) . 
these solutions are , without , flawed , and threat always a worsening of the situation . if not , enough remember that the states was created for that not is events a crisis as the of year 1907 . 
so that , after the success of murder of as to elicited charles , which ferdinand , in sarajevo and after of that , to as of this , is development the first world war , apart the russia birthplace with the beginning of the against revolution . 
the first world war over of kind way and unjustified since the point of military view and economic , the capitulation of germany ( the wars for end with the birthplace russia were already unnecessary ) and the after firstly of the great power of central europe , the elicited empire . 
for preparation the ground of the second world war , allowed that the bankers and political created , of way bloodless , a sensitive situation to as of the enormous be of war imposed on germany , with what that is were the a conditions for the radicalisation of the there impoverished . subsequently , them sufficient with them to the germans the solution of fUhrer , that was what enough strong and simple and that to guilty , and build after a czechoslovakia an by several nationalities with a strong minority german that should represent and when so well the role of the fifth spine , that prendiO the out and resulted the outbreak of the war . 
to end of century 19th , the rothschild impulsaron the foundation of sionista movement , a an that hoped to the training of a jewish state , out in the region of the former judea with jerusalem as capital ( return to siOn ) . 
the balfour declaration this before laid the foundations for the mass immigration of jews to palestine and detected the first conflicts with the population arab of place . 
is were terrorists attacks in both parties . 
estallO the second world war : is difficult know if hitler bin too of the be to what they control the international bankers in a principle or if all what that was was part of a plan . without , the suffering of the european jews in the camps of was concentration the a conditions for the acceptance of jewish state in the world society . 
israel was founded officially in 1948 and , of similar way to way in that the be of war imposed to germany emerge the way towards the second world war , with the proclamation of state of israel is was the brink for a third war . 
if the international bankers allowed iniciarla , the jewish nation , to as that in the second world war , is would in victim in first line of combat , now together the population arab or , generally , muslim of east half . 
israel is a in laboratory , a machine of solder and chaos , not only in the framework of their country , but also to international level . take as how example is into of way resulted the a and opponents of israel . 
who is guilty and who is the victim in the conflict israeli-palestinian ? where the injustice gives injustice in a spiral of hope violence , if to beginning of all was the greed of some individuals and their breadth by the world power ? 
in this point is necessary distinction between the inhabitants of israel and their authorised , because , to as that is in our country , the international only bankers have to their candidates in the elections . 
the current president of israel b. netanyahu is the typical example of fascist political , marketing to the international bankers , that ago all what possible for should the war to iran and , recital that iran is member of the organisation of cooperation of shanghai ( china , india , russia , pakistan ... ) , working in become in a global conflict and , if we in account that iran controls the close of ormuz , by where is the 20 % of all the world oil ( the corridor of navigation has only two miles of wide ) , would to the destruction of the world economy . 
under what light is show now the words that them david rockefeller in 1994 : &quot ; what only that need is a general crisis and the people will of a new world order . &quot ; 
the new world order in their imagination is a world of mr and slave . 
a world in the that the rest of the population serves to a handful of people that form part of the financial aristocracy well accommodated . 
a world in the that to every new individual is you brands a chip to been that controls all their be . 
&quot ; and forced to all , small and large , rich and poor , free and slave , to have a mark in the right hand or in the with , to not power buy or sell , to not be that about the name of this monster or the figures of their name . 
is necessary understand : who have two if of with , that follow the numbers of this monster . 
the number mark to the person and this number is seiscientos sixty and six &quot ; . 
film argo : if is being oil , have to hollywood 
in november of 1979 a group of the demonstration of islamists students took the american embassy in tehran and took 52 diplomados as hostage . 
their we in freedom was to be to change of destronado shah mohamed pAhlevi rEza , the which after of the revolution fled to us . which , country that had patrocinado their regime during decades . 
for the american administration the situation not themselves no positive perspective : bath-water the shah by the be not is what could allow , since , if what was , were in danger the confidence of their allies in other countries . 
but the we in freedom of the hostage in iran , where the had revolution led in the constitution of theocratic regime , not was to their reach . 
was a coup to prestige of the states , that subsequently is intensified still more with the attempt failed of release to the hostage by the force . 
the diplomats imprisoned were released 444 days after of the negotiating intervention of government of algeria . 
in us . which . , their destination was a wave of solidarity and bear against iran . 
the failure in iran played of decisive way to the defeat of argues argues with reagan reagan in the presidential elections of 1980s . 
the film &quot ; argo &quot ; of director and actor ben affleck tematiza a episode of this history , that cosechO a small success for america . 
little before of should the embassy , is escaped six employees of building . 
after of a complicated periplo , ended in the residence of the canadian embassy . 
cia , in cooperation with the canadians authorities , managed extract of iran , for this helped a history backdoor a extravagante point : forthcoming with canadians passports , as member of film team that looked the traceability in the country for the making of a excessive of science fiction . 
combination of up 
the plan that bourlanges the expert in &quot ; exfiltraciOn &quot ; mendez toni be the cooperation of hollywood . 
for that the lie appear divulged , is wrote on the film project in specialist weeklies , is organised conferences of press , the society of farming production had even a real clearance . 
the details on the operation is together in secret during much time , the film is has fact to the memories of mendez tony . 
the film of affleck is a peculiar combination of several up . 
by , a political realistic thriller ; by another , a called &quot ; caper movie &quot ; , the history of a episode that went well , a deception ( a example can be the ocean series &apos ; &apos;s low-income ) . 
in the film is combined the states of mind . are by secuencias well it of tehran . in the sequence of appropriations is show flagship photographs of the time of the events , that were plasmados of same way in the film ; not there many differences to this regard . 
by the another , authoritarian scenes of hollywood a therefore livianas more , marked by the irony and a actual excessive . 
and also , scenes of the central of the cia and other institutions : men trajeados that you the situation in the table of negotiations , in the corridors of the office , by telephone ... 
ben affleck has managed restart their career of a excellent way . 
the actor , that had been subject of ridiculed , is has become in a on director and their way of act has longer of be the white of appreciates comments . 
argo is their third largometraje , after of &quot ; small goodbye , goodbye &quot ; ( 2007 ) and the thriller &quot ; the town . city of criminal &quot ; ( 2010 ) . 
to , is the first film of affleck in the that the action not has place in the city of boston , where is fattened . 
also , the sensitivity of everyone the atmosphere of place was a feature that light to the directors of old films by standards of hollywood . 
and affleck what shows in argo , where tehran is &quot ; wheel &quot ; in canada . 
the best scenes of the film have place in the streets , in the reconstruction of the events got . the introductory sequence of the decision-making of the embassy is impressive by their sinOptica capacity that , to , trasmite the ambivalent of confusion and of the lack of foresight that from when , in some place , the history is a step forward . 
affleck and their colleagues obtaining a similar effect in the bungled scenes ( the impostor team in the bazaar of tehran ) . 
too action in many places 
the director had that accept the fact of that a history explained not offers much in the film sense of the more penalised scenes . 
and is the you quite well . to you adds something to the reality : here not its all of way so elegant ( the scene in that which the crisis in the airport of tehran , the customs of a so-called to america and the search unbridled after their back is become in a madness ) . 
the flaqueza of argo is the havoc that from of the need of show too action in many places . 
alan arkin and john goodman have a role very funny as colleagues of hollywood , although their individuals is deserved more space and not are , or much least , the only in this filme . 
by these reasons , the film of affleck lose a little of dramatic rough , but is a film that is can continue with a interest moderate , appreciate their realisation and the lifestyle retro of a thriller that appealing the years 70 . 
but that is collapse , that difficult will . 
as grand of a real history and as test of what excessive that can be the concepts of omnipresencia and omnisciencia of the secret services , is enough . 
rules for the inflado of flair , bananas and circus 
the servant www . bankovnipoplatky . com , that every year is a survey on the bank rates more absurd , now has decided announced the contest on &quot ; the regulation or the more absurd ideas of workshop of the eu &quot ; . 
&quot ; is we happened after of last event , the eu has to approve a share of 40 by % of women in jobs of direction in the large european companies &quot ; , he prAvo nacher bluntly , the organizing of the survey . 
between the absurdidades nominadas is , by , the recent decision of european court of absent the policies of insurance between men and women . 
to , the women is aventajaban of best prices in the insurance of life because represent objective a less risk . 
&quot ; other beyond ideas of workshop of the eu can be proposals by the people to end of this year &quot ; . 
the election will place to end of month of february of 2013 &quot ; , informed nacher . 
between the regulations controversial of the is eu , by , the compulsory addition of biocomponentes to fuel that , as result , harms the environment half ; other ban is the use of the thermometers of mercury of all the life only because contain a small amount of a substance dangerous or the deleted sombre the size of the cages of the hens , that has contributed to considerable increase of price of the eggs this year . 
is has criticised the proving ban of use the expression &quot ; butter of it &quot ; or the withdrawal of the classical bill of the shops . 
a banana of quality must have a length of 14 centimetres . 
the course of the union decision-making this kind of decisions to under the pressure of one or another that lobby or industrial , whose petitions in brussels are ideas normally by some state or group of states ( the republic czech , even with the threat of veto , claims the demands of their banks ) . 
the interests of a lobby were behind of the request , by , of that the bananas of greater quality be have in the eu a length of by 14 centimetres and not could it &quot ; abnormal curvaturas &quot ; . 
the european commission is for saying that with this only search harmonisation the national rules not homogeneizadas to the date , that only complicaban their marketing . 
the rules that do reference to fruit and vegetables in the eu , to the opposition of some states , is have no on the basis of that the existing directive means a waste of grocery . 
the candidate to win the survey could be the requirement of the eu of year last according the which in the inflables flair that is market is compulsory have that the under children of 8 years not are authorised to inflarlos without the supervision of a adult . 
the eu was reference here to a american according study the which , when is about of toys , the flair are the main cause of child death by asphyxia . 
also is existing a similar applies restriction to use of matasuegras by children of to 14 years . 
curiosas ocurrencias born even in our country 
also absurd is the which regulation to the european officials : all at that have any official role in the eu not can use the designation of macedonia . for not euphemisms the sensitivity of greece , is must about of fyrom ( pointed pointed pointed of macedonia ) . 
the servant bankovnIpoplatky . com , in cooperation with the partnership of liberals economists laissez faire , nominO in the survey , between some absurd proposals mentioned more down , the requirement of the union on the volume of the has of food in the territory of a state member . 
the eu determinO the were volumes of has of food that can although in the territory of the republic czech the same day of our entry to the eu . 
after , the republic czech estimated , by , the volume established for setas in retains , what that you an a threat of fined substantial . 
to the organizers of the survey also them was the commonplace of pay to those countries that not have access to sea and the idea of give a subsidy for the request of subsidies . 
this class of ideas not arose in brussels but in prague . 
&quot ; we in disadvantage by the fact of not have sea . 
we to the european union a compensation &quot ; , declared in autumn of 2004 the then minister of agriculture jaroslav palas ( Čssd ) . 
what alleged with the fact of that in our country is produce much processing and , as result of the so-called purchases of intervention , the state had the in stores and is had that export . 
according palas , given the republic czech is far of the seaports ports , the eu should pagarnos hundreds of million of eur . 
to end , the european commission is was ready to help to the republic czech and organised a public contest for the buying of processing of the countries that not have access to sea . 
the subsidy for receive a subsidy was proposal to the municipalities by the ministry for the local development at by the pavel minister němec ( us-deu ) . particular , is from to the significant of applications of subsidies of brussels . 
eu : the rare decided are a exception 
the guidelines of the states member are to white of criticisms , the efforts of the eu in regulations and , also , a functioning and more effective development in all the union deserve more well , according several experts , our recognition . 
according the experts , the more serious problem is , by , the collection of subsidies of the eu for projects that not have nothing that see with the deepening of the european integration , but that the states member have managed in the negotiations on budgets . 
to the czech also them it the sensitive very , of same way that to other countries of the union , the fight by the right to the designation of origin of their traditional products , although our country not always has out well of these pugnas . 
the czech , after six years of disputes with germans and austrian , against with success the designation of origin of requesOn of olomouc , but had that change the name to national rum , whose tradition in our country is back to century 19th , and happened to called &quot ; tuzemAk &quot ; . 
only the products by-products to abroad of cane of sugar can be so-called rum , but not those facts to beet of sugar . 
in the official consideration of geographical of origin protected of the eu , together the brined cheeses and around known in all the world , the mazapAn of the city german lUbeck or the ham of ham , already is are by the biscuits of bohemian bohemian , the carpa of pohořelice and of třeboň and , even , the variety of hop of Žatec . 
as maras protected of the eu , will be proud of the bread of jengibre of pardubice and the bohemian of hořice greens podkrkonošI . 
the people want that barnabei the republic , but am a amateur , says okamura 
mr senator , how is you happened stand to the elections for president ? 
not is is of be senator or president . 
if in our country outside all well , then not introduce my candidacy . 
but already not i bear see how is monies in the last twenty years in our country , how the criminal are go , is increase the taxes and the age of retirement . 
not had ambitions of be political . 
when see something that not i like , attempt give with a solution for amended . 
and since already i forty years and my candidacy is independent , the only possibility that i of change the things is coming as senator or president . 
to senate already has come , but little after is has since in way towards the presidency . 
not is giving the on to those people that what have voted ? 
always i that my candidacy to the presidency depended of the results in the elections of senate . 
more later precisE that if and elected senator , introduce my candidacy to the presidency . 
but my aim not is the role ; the role is the tool with the that i do reality my own ideas . 
by that need the greater possible influence and the more strong possible mandate . 
the problem not is only that be a nation that criticize in the bar or front the television , but that pisoteamos to who that wants an a change . 
to this is you these the media of communication , that you discredit and who the freedom of expression with the freedom of lie . 
of me is says that i sobornado to journalists or that i been advisory of jiřI jiřI . 
we to about of their ideas . 
is is to the presidential fight with financial a and responsibilities criminal of political and the declaration of the property by twenty million . 
for this must change the law . 
as president not has this competition and only the senate in their whole can propose laws . 
how want it ? 
as citizen , i set part of a group of pressure for that the profession of guide is should as not work , and what we . 
the problem is in the policy : if someone comes with a good proposal , already be of right or of left , is this to purpose and this affects to the citizens . 
as candidate independent , have of a greater potential for obtain the support of all the parliamentary groups . 
without encasillamientos or dogmas of party , i the capacity of power always something of every party that be better for our country and apply . 
is as more well a man of right or of left ? 
since the point of czech view , i the impression that the people i as more of left . 
for me not has importance , already be a little of left or a little of right . 
what that i care is that emerge forward . 
not i care if someone is of right or of left , i bring to the people . 
always support openly any good solution , regardless of if the proposal next of ksČm or of the ods and , of same way , i in against of the poor ideas . 
ago joke when is says of ud . that is populist . 
but not what is proving with what that says ? 
when is creates a business plan for the company , you also certain objectives and ideals . 
and intentas acercarte to them . 
will those what something populism , but all the proposals of the that i already work in the world or known experts about of them . 
but without the support of parliament only you are slogans . 
and with this not can survive in the policy to long long-term . 
or believes you that if is us to the people and about with them , will , by , a responsibility criminal and financial ? 
not i other option . 
convince to political , to journalists and to the civil society and try them of my part for this . 
if outside elected president , not would problem in organise a broadcasting in direct by television in the which would to the leaders of the parliamentary parties that legitimaran the responsibility criminal and financial for political , officials , judges and tax of state . 
and , eventually , them should that communicate why not what want . 
if there a strong like that out the disputes , is can do pressure in the policy scene . 
take by case the direct election of president , that has been a achievement of the public pressure . 
to i that only am a amateur , not am or a out or a intellectual . 
for my views and ideals attempt seek allies . 
just of start in the policy and attempt obtain the greater possible support for my programme . 
attempt from the things forward i same , but in not from well , within six years what leave and i to private sector . 
sounds a little as if okamura outside to save the republic czech . 
not am salvador no . 
know that with a person not i nothing , by that i visited to a series of personalities known , by if to what better is animaran to it their candidacy to senate . 
i to see to jančura radim , but is refused because had much work . 
by my part , by i supported to the journalist of jana research lorencovA , that his to the light the fraud with covered cheeses of heating . 
i i on of the basis of that the people is really dissatisfied , now i in the balance . 
the sixty by % of the population not turned to the ballot and , those that what did , voted to the representatives of appalling . 
in the senate we two of independent sector . 
the people made the senate , of such way that will complicated achieve changes . 
without , i banal my own ideas , as by the direct election of mayors or of governors . 
is recital be their own party ? 
still not what i considered because not i time for this , for check the last unblemished of every one of the potential member of party , or not i money . 
not i money or for the campaign to the presidency , in my transparent account only there 20 billion . 
not has money ? 
about of statements of the property , how is the their ? 
clarification my private property in a 60 million . 
in prague i a ground valued in 25 million , a out valued ten million , another out tasado in eight million , a published of works of art with a value of ten million , a aston martin of a 3.5 million and a Škoda superb valued in a million , and in the account i a couple of million . 
by , i a aston martin because was my dream of youth . always i pleased james bond , that austrian this car , was galante with the women and , to , elites against the maldades and injustices . 
leads a aston martin , their is property valued in 60 million and not has money for the campaign ? 
ud . says that want change the republic but not want to too money of their part . 
not is very convincing . 
not i 15 million for the campaign . 
i that endeudarme ? 
in the campaign already i since 2.5 million . 
the fact of that not have patrocinador no shows that not there too interest in my programme . 
and not i the duty of pay the campaign with money of my pocket . 
the expenses of the campaign cover in essence what that get in concept of salary of senator . 
but not could live of this . by , not could pay to my son the english school , that costs 30,000 month billion . 
if i only win money , then not i introduce as candidate . 
so that will with their business activity for power live ? 
not has said before that was to stop this activity ? 
this not has nothing that see with a greater salary . 
as i promised , in i longer my activities . 
by , the representative of my agency of travel will to be my substitute in spring . 
the people would that outside the samaritano that salvase the republic . 
but i also need live of something . 
how loosen to win monthly as entrepreneur ? 
between 200 and 400 , that i gaining . 
if outside president , then cease the business . 
can put all the interview in the edition of saturday of prAva . 
the study of architecture mvrdv shows that the real adventures not only are in the head - in the example of the library of spijkenisse and the would action &quot ; mountain of books &quot ; - 2 photos 
&quot ; i that the building is fun , has a futurista aspect , and by end there something interesting that see &quot ; , says lisette verhaig , a passer-by that is by the street . 
and fUle spermon , technical of you in a great company on close of the library , as : &quot ; also , the building is nice &quot ; . 
but i i wonder for what need a library today in day . 
all we internet , chlorine and electronic books . 
nobody enter by will in these libraries past of fashionable , not ? 
spijkenisse , a city bedroom on to the doors of arrive that hardly deserves a fugaz visit , holds the questionable honour of have all-in with a record for forget . 
the population of 80 inhabitants is the rate of more low improved of the netherlands countries . 
for counter this situation so scandal , ago some years is decided make of any way to the general culture and preserved the seven fake bridges that officer represented in the notes of euro in way of miniaturas of concrete arm decoradas . 
the success of the for amusing was limited . 
and so was as the responsible political brother that only there a possibility for improve the statistics : had that build a library ! 
winy maas , of study of dutch architecture mvrdv , all a master in the art of the diagramas of bars and responsible of buildings real-life to the couple that &apos;orsay , is took the issue with their her calm and dalmau to the presentation of contest in the year 2003 with five books under the satisfactorily and a questions in the face . 
and while the jury looked oswiecim to their around and is encogIa of shoulders , maas 17,900 to piled the books by size getting a pyramid and brought their soon speech with the following words : &quot ; ladies fellow : 

nine years after , the mountain of 30 million of eur is comments in the place to . 
this way part of project of revival , that is full with a underground parking , a supermarket , a office of post and a couple of buildings of housing and adosados . 
to principles of november the mountain of books was bronze with the second prize &quot ; best library of nl 2012 &quot ; . 
also , the project also is nominado to &quot ; dutch national wood award 2012 &quot ; . 
of this way , the small i city of history , that to the date not had nothing more that offer that a pedestrian posmoderna area and a city incredibly putting after whose white façade one intuirIa more well a central origin , account now with a labour of contemporary architecture . 
but on , spijkenisse at now of first cultural public building of their history . 
the long way to the book 
the first impression is that is is of a paradise of books under a quesera . 
well is true that there a lift that we hold fair to centre of this montaNoso around , but the real peace-loving of space and the reading not what use , but that prefer fundirse with their topografIa to every step of their escalation to the top . 
the internal completely acristalado is adverts and easy of cover with the view , the soil of brick recocido and the elegant farolas support of way unequivocally the public condition of the library . 
the urban environment is perfect . 
to raise the view is can come to visualizar the banks of park , the dogs and the children and girls playing to football . 
and by all both books , books and more books . 
&quot ; normally the shelves of books are willing to the façade and in the centre is opens a huge brown-skinned room that , by , often be something asians and impersonal &quot ; , says maas winy . 
what that we fact us is to upside down the classical space configuration and from the area of reading of internal to foreign . 
the internal of the mountain is very well tapped : in the half is are the offices , the library of internet , the club of amiable , the centre of environmental education and the room of peacekeeping . 
special is deserve the this shelves that anyone the duties of mural coating , parapeto and barandilla to . 
the view , the you and the olfato are meet . 
even the architects and the civil engineers more to day shake the head when necessary about of this material unknown . 
&quot ; wanted work with materials recycled &quot ; , we explains joop trouborst , head of project in the city of spijkenisse . 
and so is as a day , in a agricultural frisia exploitation , we brings with the appropriate animal from of the agriculture . 
since ago many years , in the greenhouses and in the camps of the netherlands countries is used a fabric plastic of scarce cable of thick as basis for sujetar the roots of the crops . 
is is of a cheap material and efficient . 
this fine fabric hard two stations and after is abandoned . 
for the library this fabric is prensO , by first time in such quantities , to get half of four centimetres of thick . 
with the heat and the pressure , the so-called agricultural plastic ( klp ) time of colour and is becomes in a dark material , border-transcending and durable that of to a mixed of new car and zapatilla of sport . 
after 105 corridor is comes to the top of the mountain . 
to end of this continual route of almost 500 metres around of the mountain we facing the to : since the cafeteria not only is has a fantastic view of the city , but that in she also is can enjoy of a beside dutch croquetas and their ficus acres in enormous flower . 
these do a way environment to the couple that have the air content appropriate for this mountain of literature . 
donations for a new soul 
&quot ; although costs believe this their large land glass , this building is a exemplary project in as to the ecology &quot ; , out trouborst . 
the heating and the necessary cooling is are to geothermal energy . 
to that the mountain of is books on under a huge pyramid of glass , even in the days more soleados the only sun ababa during few hours in their internal . 
the enormous cerchas of wood this in inter-pillar sense to the façade of glass serve for give shadow and absorb the majority of the rays of sun . 
this creates a internal confortable climate . 
the rest is thing of the happen down . 
fUle spermon , the worker own of sector of the technologies of the information , already is has courage to to the ordinary in the new library . 
and lisette verhaig also has state there . 
also , the teacher of traditional china cynthia bogarde medicine has visited the library . she described the &quot ; boekenberg &quot ; as the &quot ; soul mention &quot ; of spijkenisse . 
the reason is that , with reason of the opening that had place ago a couple of weeks , is invited to all the inhabitants of the city to donate a book of their private published . 
of this way is to fill , of , the Opticos missed of a library that still not account with their completely for ; in the today has 70 copies . 
the concept has sure celebration . 
the shelves are teem . 
&quot ; not there nothing worst that a half empty library &quot ; , says the architect maas winy . 
&quot ; i that thank our initiative now all the inhabitants have a true link with this building . 
all know that their book way part of the library . 
although only is there for anti-farming . 
of this way , the study mvrdv has managed all a success in that discipline as that in the specialises argot is known as &quot ; creation of a identity &quot ; . 
the city of spijkenisse has writing a part of the history of the literature . 
regardless of what young and inculta that can be . 
by end a point of starting for shaping their identity . 
szabo : &quot ; the germans must play a role more leading &quot ; 
germany is has abstained in the vote on the admission of palestine . 
according hosted szabo , expert in the relations us . which . -europa , this at to berlin in a diplomatic position quite business . 
deutsche welle : to principles of week , germany was to understand that would in against of the proposal of give to the palestinians territories the condition of state observer of the nations . 
without , finally berlin is abstained . 
by what ? 
hosted szabo : germany not supports what that the israelis have fact in gaza . 
now , because the special relationship that unite to country with israel , germany must have care . 
but to i that not supports the american position . 
germany wanted demonstrate their independence without be too criticism with israel . 
during the embargo that had place in libya in march of 2011 , germany also is abstained when of what that is was was of establish a area of ban of flight . 
this has been avowed finally by the nato . 
you is difficult to germany adopt a clear position when are in at international important subjects ? 
yes , so is . 
this is must to that in these at is direction their foreign policy , away of a policy led , by so say , by the states and focus in a foreign policy german . 
and what that difficult still more the things is that the european not have a coherent policy and uniform . 
by , the germans is are in a crossroads . 
of them is expected that play a more independent because , but not are used to do . 
i that still are operating what will their role , but already have started the way towards a foreign policy &quot ; normal &quot ; . 
a foreign similar policy to the countries as france or great britain . 
what means particular a foreign policy &quot ; normal &quot ; since the point of german view ? 
is a policy that , when is is of national interests , is shows ready to defend different clash to the of states or their european partners . 
i that the foreign policy german is a strong motivation in the economic policy , is , in the exports and in their relations with certain regions , as can be russia , china or east next . 
the economic germans interests are to true different point to the of other large powers and by that germany reason must protect their interests . 
these economic interests have affected in the position adopted with conflict in east next and in the vote of the un ? 
by , germany account with large markets in east next , especially in the gulf . 
by this reason must be careful and not alienate of the public arab opinion or not of the Elite arab . 
this important , by . 
but i not you would so importance since not is is of a relationship completely unilateral . 
without , yes play a fundamental role in the german considerations . 
has attacked germany their relationship with us . which . to from of vote in important decisions as in the vote on palestine ? 
i that in europe , and even in states , the position german degree of a huge degree of understanding . 
by this reason , not i that is has been a break so drastic as in the case of libya . 
perhaps with this germany has achieved inquisitor a true respect . 
to and to out , all this not has fact but demonstrate that is a country to that take in seriously as international actor and whose interests there have in account . 
in europe there different views about the palestine initiative . 
in , us . which . is has shown clearly to favour of a veto . 
there differences of views between us . which . and many european nations ? 
always have there these disparities because the internal us policy . 
i that the government of obama shows in secret a great understanding towards the european position . 
but , to cause of the policy situation that is live here , is clear that the government not can defend in public that position . 
i that the real differences of views not has in the grateful that is you attaches . 
if we the relations between obama and the first minister israeli netanyahu , see that obama not is for nothing happy with the policy that develops . 
you is difficult to germany reconcile the links relations that maintained with israel and states , by , with the position of their main partners in the eu , by another ? 
i that is precisely that what that ago that be so difficult for the germans . 
by that would a little easy more for the germans if existed a european coherent policy and access , but not is the case . 
by , not have the possibility of be part of a higher broadcasting , but that must promote the things since their own position . 
that is precisely what that are doing now with the euro . 
i that in the future germany will a role of leadership to the time of force to europe to adopt a european position . 
by that this not is nothing easy for germany , already be simply by the relationship that maintained with israel . 
this has been always a handles issue . 
but i that the germans have clear that must play the role of independent on . 
is is germany to same yes in the role of international important actor ? to in germany taking a role leading ? 
or perhaps you still break difficult accept that leadership ? 
germany still not is has have , always is something you and , by obvious reasons , to country you still collapse play a more important role . 
if we the crisis of euro , by , see that every germany is an as main actor , is when certain antialemanes feelings . 
this not is easy for the germans . 
is is of a old problem and is that nobody want be surrounded of the enemies countries . 
seen of this way , germany is is in a position much more difficult that states . 
must show a inclusive attitude with the different neighbours and views and that not is easy . 
the influence of us . which . in the european policy ever every more time , but the eu not cover of that we , who is then ? 
to the germans not them will more no that taking a more role leading . 
even if not them like , if them is unpleasant or if them becomes in a still people more unpopular , c &apos ; &apos;est the vie ! 
hosted szabo is executive director of the transatlantic academy in washington , a institution in the that academic and experts in policy from of europe and of america of north you of joint way the challenges to the that is faces the transatlantic community . 
szabo is also member of polls marshall fund , where is has specialises in policy german , foreign us policy and transatlantic relations . 
&quot ; protection of trademark &quot ; in china : when puma and around is become of suddenly in chinese trademark 
around is a mark known to world level and marco ralph lauren also . 
but , what is around marco ? 
after this name is behind a designation eu officially in china but that not has nothing that see with the original companies . 
not , this degree of protection while the real epOnimos not be a demand . 
and even then not is clear that is them will to give the reason . 
&quot ; to the foreign them is every time more difficult protect their trademark in china &quot ; , out greek pattloch , lawyer of bufete incumbent specialises wessing in violations of rights of protection in extreme east . 
every week comes to my table a new case . 
the imitators simply in a couple of says for power ! their trademark . 
of this way , gucci is becomes in lu-gucci and in prada is has prada-kny . 
the german companies also is copied legally of the same way , such and as you has happened to manufacturer of sport articles puma . 
pattloch opens a cupboard in the that have seats of the office of trademark of beijing . 
the 14 of september of 2010 a china company was ! the mark zegna df puma , a artificial name that also is useless of the home of fashionable ermenegildo zegna . 
that the chinese are world champions in that of preserved and of all the rights of intellectual property is of much known . 
in the large cities there large stores of several plants dedicated exclusively to the sale of counterfeiting . 
without , the cases of pattloch are of other a . by charge of their customers , he fight against the fact of that the office of trademark granted of official way to the companies chinese the right to from from of a designation that already is eu in another place . 
the chinese what refer &quot ; bang ming pai &quot ; or allowance mark . 
the word has their origin in the term chinese &quot ; bang dakuan &quot ; , 
that ago reference to women that have &quot ; fish &quot ; to a puerto man . 
the chinese authorities not is feel guilty 
&quot ; is harmful for the business , there fight against this &quot ; , requires pattloch . 
&quot ; the mark ago waters , the 70s position disappears and the damage that suffering the image is huge . &quot ; 
the financial losses and the procedural coast of the sectors affected are millonarias , on in the case of flagship products of luxury . 
according data of the company of analysis of clsa market , with a volume of 15 million of eur to china year is , in size , the third market of articles of luxury and the that overall to greater pace . 
without , achieve the acts of enrolment of doubtful legality in the registration of trademark is complicated and also is much money . 
the processes is can over to nine years and the result is uncertain . 
pattloch about of cases in the that the court rejected a demand because had appropriations therefore time that the name subject of the demand already is had become in a &quot ; reality of market &quot ; . 
&quot ; if the they has bad fortunately , perhaps even have pay money to plagiador because the process has damage to the mark of this in china &quot ; , out pattloch . 
in times this the law of the jungle . 
some of the more cases known have see with graphic elements . 
in 2009 daimler-benz lost a greek against the manufacturer of machinery of construction sany , the company that has been taken ago little by the german manufacturer of bombs of concrete putzmeister . 
by that to day of today the chinese can continue being a emblem very similar to the star of mercedes . 
the one of corresponds , geely , dispense to principle a logo in white and blue that had in great measure to bmw ; the subject is dirimiO in the courts and geely had that amend . 
the manufacturer of lacoste clothes lost in china against imitators from of hong hong and singapore whose logo represented a crocodile eye in the opposite direction to original . 
the chinese authorities not is feel guilty . 
the office of trademark ctmo in beijing recognised that in 2010 have had difficulties because the shortage of equipment and funding of personal . 
the year last , without , &quot ; the situation of labour emergency came to the as &quot ; . 
of this way , the amount of processes of complaint without tramitar is has small in a 22 % . 
almost 57.000 of these cases is properly been , a 75 % more that the previous year . 
without , 81.500 complaints are outstanding of resolution . 
fight against this costs much money 
as often be her in china , the figures are surprising . 
the year last the ctmo registered more of 1.4 million of applications of protection of trademark , almost a third more that in 2010 . 
is would of a new record and means that china lidera by tenth year running the list of new enrolment in all the world , according out the office of trademark . 
seems that this also happens with the number of balls valid , figure that out to 5.5 million in total . 
in 2011 is would embolsado 1.8 million of cny in concept of rights . 
said of other way , this means that of average every register costs 1.280 cny or 160 eur . 
fight against this costs much money , such and as shows the case of the family company german freudenberg . 
since ago more of seven years the group fight in the courts against a imitador chinese . 
if the germans have managed stop the illegal manufacture of parts of car of imitation , 
the imitador has achieved ensure the chinese rights on the mark freudenberg . 
&quot ; us ourselves we caused this situation because in germany the surnames not are protected &quot ; , out hanno wentzler , president and consejero delegado of chemical freudenberg specialities in munich . 
the office of trademark ctmo also rejected the appeal of the muniqueses . 
in the two following bodies you have given the reason to freudenberg , but the opposite part still fronts in the today . 
there have great care 
now the case has come to the doors of higher court of justice , where still outstanding of resolution . 
wentzler responding in power resolve welcome the question and extolls the professionalism of the courts . 
without , also says that &quot ; the procedure is extremely expensive , therefore in terms of money as of time &quot ; . 
is difficult estimate the internal costs ; the business for has had that review brought of to hundred years of old for power they evidence . 
ago five years freudenberg promised to the opposite part a &quot ; sum of six figures in eur &quot ; with the aim of come to a friendly agreement , but not had success . 
&quot ; this shows what much that we care &quot ; , out wentzler . 
the dangers that across in extreme east threat even with affect to europe , 
particular if the imitators is they there the rights on trademark not protected . 
so , a manufacturer chinese tried ! in germany the name freudenberg for shoes and products of fur . 
ago time that the group came this trade area , not not prevent the register . 
&quot ; there have great care &quot ; , says wentzler . 
therefore he as the lawyer pattloch around to the german companies that are extremely careful to the time of do business with china . 
not enough with rely in the international legislation on rights of mark , but that what that there do is &quot ; ! also in china all what that can be for of protection &quot ; , such and as as wentzler . 
of what contrary , the issue can be much expensive more that a simple registration . 
of , in freudenberg avoid the last assault of their particular battle , then would that pay to the opposite part rights of licence by their own name , such and as explains wentzler . 
that or in the segment in question we expulsarIan of market . 
day world of the fight against the aids : dance , announces , help 
in ag approach the imbongi chorus and in swaziland is delighted the orphans of aids 
the history of a capable link of that overcome much more of 8.733 kilometres of distance . 
first is starts by the floor : you of cowboy , slippers of basketball , shoes of tacOn and mocasines for the compass on the soil of parquet , and what are quickly . 
a , two , three , four . 
only then start to elevarse slowly the voices of the singers ( contralto , under , statement and soprano ) , arremolinAndose , entorpeciEndose and siguiEndose a to other . 
and fiete hopf , the director of 29 years , threat with membership almost of their highly to try to order with their bold gestures and incidents . 
is monday by the later and in the room of music of institute of psicologIa medical of ag the imbongi chorus approach a new song . 
also have come the fifty singers , of between 23 and 69 years , since the genetista human to the spent of home . 
&quot ; om &apos ; obani &quot ; not is a easy 6-10 , every voice of chorus has a different text and also in a foreign language hardly known : the zulU , a language about by eleven million of people in south , botswana , lesotho , malawi , mozambique and in some areas of swaziland . 
aid for the is 
according a estimate of unaids , the programme of the nations for the fight against the aids , in all the world there approximately 34 million of people infected by the virus of hiv . 
decrease million of them live in the southern of africa . 
in swaziland there 245.000 orphans of aids . 
more of 40 % of the population already is positive . 
the voices partnership and africa has found in germany godparents for the u-turn orphans of aids of people of esitjeni . 
seventy of them attend to the secondary school . 
by 15 or 20 eur to month is can apadrinar to a child . 
this contribution will the stops of the school , the uniform and you will a a food to day in the gogo trade . 
imbongi means in zulU &quot ; narrador of stories &quot ; or &quot ; panegirista &quot ; . 
in this room nobody know about with concrete this language bantU , but announces yes know . 
since ago ten years this chorus approach songs in this &apos;softly foreign language that in times there transportarles to their place of origin : the southern of africa . 
to 8.733 kilometres of distance in line straight since ag , in the north-east of kingdom of swaziland , there a people called esitjeni that on of the voices of this chorus german . 
the forty by % is infected 
approximately 2 people live there , some still in opportunity ravines of and and disease , a great part of them are children . 
more of 300 already not have parents because have succumbed to aids . 
esitjeni is a small example of what that affects to swaziland : the rate of infection of aids more high and the hopes of more lowest life of all the world , unicef according . 
the population not is with good eyes the circumcision , a practice that according is has shown reduces to the half the risk of infection . 
more of 40 % of the inhabitants of swaziland are carriers of virus of the line , and die with something more of thirty years is has become in something her . 
during a journey whole to africa in the spring of 2005 the found chorus this recOndita population , but what that were on were many children in the streets that which not only of the protection of their parents , but of what main : food , clothes and training . 
without school title , the possibilities in a poor country are more that 6 . 
in a principle was only the particular compromise of a few what that possible was that a child outside to school and disfrutara of a a food to day . all this by a few eur . 
without , a year after the chorus 60 the partnership &quot ; voices and africa &quot ; that since then is has occupied profesionalmente of the orphans of aids in esitjeni . 
facts on the infections of sexual transmission 
what are the main diseases of sexual transmission ? 
between the incidence of bacteriano origin are the identifying , the chlamydia and the gonorrea . 
the incidence of vIrico more arise origin are the aids , the virus of human papilloma , the debated herpes or the hepatitis . 
the ladillas and the sarna is are between the incidence airborne by parasites . 
what are the main groups of affected ? 
the identifying and the gonorrea is give with more often in men that have sexual relations with other men . 
the institute robert koch part of the basis of that to four of every five cases of identifying registered in germany have their origin in a sexual contact between men . 
in the case of the heterosexuales adults the diseases of sexual more arise transmission are the infections by chlamydia , tricomonas , the virus of human papilloma , the candidiasis ( hongo ) and the gonorrea . 
the infection of hiv between the heterosexuales adults of country is relatively small ; not , approximately the 20 % of the new infections by hiv is are in this group . 
between the young , the infections by chlamydia are much more arise that in other groups of population . 
according surveys european , three quarters of all the infections affect to young of between 15 and 25 years . 
in our country , the virus of human papilloma also is adds to the more arise diseases between the youth . 
how has out the number of infections ? 
not all the diseases of sexual transmission are subject to compulsory declaration . 
according the institute robert koch , the number of infections by identifying has doubled their figure of 1.697 cases in 2001 to 3.698 cases in 2011 . 
the number of new infections by hiv maintained a downward trend since 2007 . 
in 2011 is crimes approximately 2.7 cases . 
is is of a tenth part least that in the previous year . 
what symptoms show that is is of a venErea disease ? 
the infectious diseases can cause Ulceras in the debated area , bother to orinar , flow , pain abdominal , so as ampollas or verrugas . 
to not cause pain or cause other symptoms and by that not is we . 
how is can one protect ? 
the condoms can reduce the risk of infection , but not offered protection to hundred by hundred . 
some diarrhoea players of diseases of sexual transmission also can stated to through of infections by suciedad and by physical contact . 
by this reason , the experts around discussed regularly to doctors examinations , on if is time with often of sexual couple . 
if is diagnosed of early way , the majority of the incidence can cured and is possible avoid any result mention . 
to through of / , donations and , by last but not by this least important , of the disciplined that price the chorus by their actions in all germany , they to custom quite money . 
&quot ; in total we sent already a 200 eur to esitjeni &quot ; , out proud lennartz annette , president of the partnership . 
in the own people zodwa dlamini a safe woman of same yes and with low of leadership administers the money sent since germany . 
is as of that the orphans who a good cholera , by with a of the grandmothers . 
the &quot ; gogos &quot ; , as is shape to the elderly women in zulU , are the pillars of people . 
some of them have to 14 orphans to their office , them offered a homeless where live and is are of that the children matured to the school all the days it and orange-coloured with their uniform . 
the that not have to nobody are under the protection of khanyisile , a accounts woman that , to as that the two cocineras that is at of cooking all the days for more of 200 hungry children , is a wage of the partnership . 
also , &quot ; voices of africa &quot ; has since in into a school of remnant , has built two gallineros and , in cooperation with the health us organisation psi , has achieved that many of the inhabitants of people is have subject to a test of hiv . 
this not is something obvious , since , to what patent that is this disease in all the country , not is often about openly of she . 
a king with 14 wives 
&quot ; the aids is a all taboo &quot ; , says lennartz annette , &quot ; because has see with the acceptance &quot ; . 
something strange in a country in the that the king has officially 14 wives . 
the last all monarca of black africa , the king mswati iii , is known by their lifestyle of opulento life and full of careful . 
poligamia in democracy . 
this way of life not found officially is in great responsible part of the spread so fast that has experienced the virus of hiv in the last decades . 
but also is must to the countless temporeros that only the country of a hand to another and that what have beyond where will . 
according annette lennartz , &quot ; in any corner is can get condoms free , but these hardly is use . 
is other culture , here only accepted the contact fur against fur &quot ; . 
for promote the cultural exchange , the imbongi chorus travel every two or three years by the southern of africa cantando songs that about of gloom , combativo spirit , hope and confidence in the black race , songs that many in the more south extreme of african still continent reminiscent of the time of apartheid . 
a full bus of white that speak songs in a language of black ; therefore recognition not only brings for a excellent environment and very joy , but that also has achieved arrancarle a couple of tears to some that another border rabioso soldier . 
the journey them has always to esitjeni , where the singers visiting to the children apadrinados . 
to that this small population hardly though in the maps , in the valley of river ezulweni is very known . 
&quot ; acErcate to esitjeni , there ababa the light &quot ; , says the people of place . 
and after go the 8.733 kilometres in line straight of back to ag to the rooms of trial of the street teem bergheimer of singers pointing the step , one is is account of that also is possible see brillar their light since there . 
messenger : the nasa which ice in mercury 
the probe messenger has found evidence of the existence of ice in mercury . 
probably the layer of ice have a thick of to 20 metres . 
the nasa , the agency space american , has great evidence of the existence of ice in mercury . 
to be of more near planet to sun , there also there helada water , such and as is from of three studies published the thursday in the specialised magazine &quot ; bamst &quot ; . 
the probe messenger would found evidence of that in the area of planet that is is constantly to the shadow is has set a layer of ice . 
seems that this has to 30 centimetres and probably even to 20 metres of thick . 
the water from possesses of cometas or , with great likelihood , of asteroides that in their day collisions against mercury . 
nobody linked the headlines of ice with the possibility of that there life in the planet , says the researchers head of the probe messenger , are solomon . 
the temperature in mercury can achieve to 426 degrees degree . 
without , the findings could help to britons how have come the water and other components of the life to other areas of system solar . 
of way completely inadvertida for the inhabitants of planet earth , the picked , telescopios and small robots as the columbus is play to explore the 1863 of universe . 
of time in when research images to the earth : small windows to the involved of space . 
the image from of a house developed by germans researchers of institute charisma planck . 
the eight milky that awaited our system solar , also of enano planet ceres . 
to as that plutOn , that this around of fair sun by behind of bound , according the new definition of term published by the carrying international union in 2006 ceres not is no &quot ; planet &quot ; . 
this section of a image of infrared taken by the telescope spitzer shows a &quot ; reflects of family &quot ; in the that officer infinitas generations of stars : the more old stars is show as blue points , although what difficult more of recognise is the rose-tinted colour of the stars &quot ; would deliberate &quot ; . 
this region of training of stars , so-called of way little romantic by the scientists w5 , was 600 by the telescope spitzer in the constellation of casiopea , to a distance of was years light . 
this image tornasolada of a star in extinction was taken by the telescope spitzer of the nasa . 
the ring in way of is donut up by the material that the star escupe in their process of extinction . 
in the huge logistical trIfida , to 5.400 years light of the earth , is form new stars to gas and dust . 
the telescope spitzer of the nasa took this photograph of the area of estelar galActica training . 
the plEyades , a group of stars also known with the inquisitor of &quot ; the seven sisters &quot ; , are a visible subject to simple view in the flowery sky . 
without , with the telescope is can able better the colours . 
the logistical of the hElice though as a huge red eye though in this image of infrared . 
is is on to 700 years light of the constellation of acuario . 
their similarity with a earth continent you has respect the inquisitor of america of north . 
the combination of a normal was and a image of infrared is place to a witnessed colorido . 
this star in fledgling could be its in all their glory by first time by the detectors of infrared of telescope spitzer . 
rings and their rings : how is derived still being a of the large cap of the astronomy . 
probably is is of remains of a of the screens of rings that with without stop trace ago 4.5 million of years . 
a of the elderly and more nItidas photographs taken by the hubble telescope : the galaxy of remolino . 
on of the tonalidades , some images of espirales star is become in real works of art . 
the image published by the european southern centre shows the logistical trIfida on to several thousands of years light in the constellation of sagitario . 
the name trIfida from of latino term &quot ; trifidus &quot ; ( divided in three ) , since a darkest lines of dust into the allow heart of this area of estelar training in three lObulos . 
in the constellation of ofiuco the armstrong were fotografiar the signs of a cosmic carambola : to 400 million of years light of the earth the numbers of two star in process of merger is derive the one towards the another for i chocando of irredeemably way . 
this training of stars was its by the telescope hubble in the spiral galaxy m83 . 
the that not dislike of technical abbreviations can you to she with the inquisitor of southern molinillo . 
the was of space hubble telescope shows a section of the logistical telecommunications in the constellation of cefeo . 
the logistical on to low-cost years is light an by particles of dust whose size is between ten and hundred more small sometimes that the of the particles of dust that we find in a home . 
this image was created to angles images and of radiografIas made by different telescopios . 
shows a ring of black holes it to 430 million of years light of the earth . 
this group of star , so-called arp 155 , was by a time of model for the space telescope hubble of the nasa . 
the scientists refer the spiral galaxy of greater size ugc 1810 . 
in this logistical is is the group of stars more we young of our way milky . 
this area of estelar training is constantly new stars . 
in this cloud of stars , associated to the logistical roseta , also arise continually new star ; to 5 years light of the earth . 
in this galaxy so brilliant with a small black still hole not there dust , only gas . 
the researchers excessive that is formed little after of bang bang , when in the universe is could find on hydrogen . 
our window to universe : the more important telescopios 
seems that the telescope was invented by hans lipperhey in 1608 , before of that galileo galilei what green a year after for observed the stars . 
since then , the energy-producing of the Opticos telescopios not has unemployed of grow and the images that we offered have every time more depth . 
during 30 years , particular of 1947 to 1975 , the telescope hale it in the centre palomar close of st diego was the large more of world . 
their mirror , in the image , had a diameter of five metres . 
in arizona , us . which . , is comments the binocular present telescope . 
this allows observed the laughing-stock to through of two energy-producing , every one with a diameter of 8.4 metres . 
the internal of great canary telescope it in the island of the palma is huge - only the mirror has a diameter of 10,4 metres . 
the mirror of drawn drawn present telescope in is south segmentado for save costs . 
despite this , than a diameter of approximately eleven metres . 
the these of this more economic construction is that the telescope has a angle of fixed raising , by what that their mobility is limited . 
the telescope hobby-eberly in alaska also has a angle of fixed raising . 
their particularidad is their huge capacity for up light . 
to have with a diameter of mirror comparison more small , this capacity is surely to the of the telescopios of more large mirror of world . 
with aid of lofar of arecibo ( port ) the researchers can explore the universe in search of signals of extraterrestre life . 
the lofar has a diameter of 305 metres . 
in the &quot ; search of intelligence extraterrestre &quot ; ( seti by their driver in english ) can help any person that legally a computer , bringing capacity of prosecution . 
view of european southern centre ( that ) it in the altogether chilean . 
here is comments the very present telescope , a telescope that ago honour to their name . 
with a total of four energy-producing , this telescope also can iluminar the spectrum half infrarrojo . 
the that also suggestions the so-called e-elt ( european extremely present telescope or european telescope extremely large ) . 
their maintenance mirror will 42 metres and will up by a total of 000 reflectantes elements . 
to 2018 not is expected power take images . 
to 2007 the two telescopios keck located in the hawaiano volcano of kea mauna were who the large more of world . 
these have with two energy-producing , every one of them with a diameter of 10 metres . 
the telescopios keck form part of centre kea mauna , that together to them explora the sky with the aid of telescope subaru and the irttf . 
in kea mauna is to build a new telescope of enormous scale and with a diameter of mirror of thirty metres . 
this is a image of how would . 
without , the more important information of laughing-stock we comes of the hand of space hubble telescope . 
since the 24 of april of 1990 middle images of distant worlds . 
since march of 2009 the space kepler telescope search extrasolares milky , mainly those that are liveable . 
the 2 of february of 2011 the nasa announced that since the beginning of their mission is had localised 1.235 candidates to milky . 
in the image is are the preparations very last to launching of space kepler telescope . 
the telescope james webb space telescope ( jwst ) not is launched to space to board of a ariane lift-off 5 to 2018 . 
the maintenance mirror of this space telescope has a diameter of 6.5 metres . 
a of the duties of this telescope will seek the light of the first stars and star cases after the bang bang . 
the researchers proceed of the basis of that in the marco southern of mercury also there ice . 
without , not there legally evidence , since the probe messenger this in planet in a from much more their to marco north . 
since ago decades the measurements of lighting invite to the existence of ice in mercury . 
thank the probe messenger ( 2004 ) , the first that 17th in about to mercury , now the scientists have the certainty of that is so . 
drinking butter to daily and live 168 years 
to southern of azerbaijan many people advances achieve bIblicas age . 
there there even a museum into to the longevity . 
a search of fingerprinting in a country in the that the people of 97 still years are considered young . 
to southern of azerbaijan many people advances achieve bIblicas age . 
there there even a museum into to the longevity . 
a search of fingerprinting in a country in the that the people of 97 still years are considered young . 
the way by the mountainous region of talysh could altogether of with and romantic . 
the minibUs is with great din to through of the sinuosa road that is to of boscosas bangladeshi , rivers of great wealth and of the opportunity houses of the local farmers . 
all is green and juicy , one could even think that is is in the black jungle . 
without , we are in the more south area of azerbaijan ; since here the border with iran is is to so only a kilometres . 
here live the &quot ; talyshi &quot ; , a people of that not is know much , apart of that dominated perfectly the counter and the azerI and that are very ageing . 
our end destination is lerik . 
this small city defeating of a architecture perhaps too maciza designed in the was soviet and that not seems dovetailed of all in a montaNoso landscape so attitudes . 
the european tourists hardly they to this place , already the way since the capital of azerbaijan , baku , is too heavy . 
for go the 323 kilometres that separate both urban numbers , is need eight hours because the road is of a only sense . 
the astonishing wealth of the that degree the country thank to oil of caspian still sea not has come to this recOndita region . 
without , pilata fatulayeva ( 48 ) is convinced of that lerik has what that there have for become in a tourist tourist . 
&quot ; baku is was famous in may with reason of the since of festival of song and the next year we the festival of the more elderly people of world &quot ; , out fatulayeva . 
is is of the director of museum of the longevity , perhaps the only that there in the world . 
here is detailed the life of eight dozens of talyshis of place that have have the 100 years of age . fatulayeva out a image in white and black . 
this is my grandfather , that lived 120 years . 
a son own died to the age of 136 years 
without , the its star of museum is the herding of sheep Şirali mUslUmov , that seems have through 168 years . 
not , not there no starting of birth that what certifique . 
and if we in account that the man of greater age detailed lived 122 years , seems that the age of mUslUmov is quite fine . 
&quot ; born in the region in 1805 and died in 1973 &quot ; , we explains fatulayeva . 
the man was got in three times and had 23 children . to appear still had time of conceive a daughter more to the age of 136 years . 
is has wrong then Şirali mUslUmov in their age in a couple of decades ? 
without , rembrandt scholz , gerontOlogo in the institute charisma planck of door , also has heard about of the elderly age of this head of central asia . 
&quot ; in some regions of china , japan or in the valley of hunza in pakistan also live people of age very elderly &quot ; , says scholz , &quot ; even in sardinia there many elderly men &quot ; . 
because the lack of background , is impossible they scientific evidence about the age ; very when not there no civil registration . 
all the days in vasos of butter derretida 
is a fact that , of way surprisingly often , the inhabitants of the region on in about to lerik usually achieve a biblical age . 
in the today there 20 people that campaigning the 100 years of age . 
by what live here , in the southern , many people of age elderly ? 
the housing guide azerI farid mugimzadeh explains that is is of the special genes of the talyshis . 
the director of museum , the sra . fatulayeva , believes in that the cause lies in the food . 
without , since a point of nutritional view , not seems logical that precisely the rich food in lowcalorie of the talyshi , that adoran the meat , the bread and on the dairy products and many of the which , also , drink daily a glass of butter derretida , be so healthy . 
or perhaps be the way of natural life the that maintained to the young people ? in cengemiran , a small settlement not far of the city of lerik live rubaba mirzayeva . 
to their 97 years is relatively young for what that is estila by these latitudes . 
mirzayeva , that says have 143 backed , live in a simple home of typical wood of all the region of caucasus . 
ages in the soil , all of unstinting way a huge tina of butter . 
eight people live under a homeless , between them one of the children and a daughter of mirzayeva , both is became in grandparents ago time . 
also brincan of a hand to another two small children . 
in the kitchen prepare added for the invited , a added that serve in a classic vasos with way abombada . 
the european of mirzayeva are white and are perfectly laid and under the headscarf behind two we trenzas of smaller dark hair that their son we which proud . 
always i i laundering the hair with milk , by that never is i has fallen and has had their colour . 
&quot ; not i used never a chemically &quot ; , says mirzayeva . 
the pension is enough for live 
of always has – only what that produce in their own farm : 6 , potatoes and peas . 
in all my life not i gone never to do the buying to a supermarket . 
then we about of their husband , that was in the army . 
what worst was the after time to the second world war . 
without , all came to their put when the &quot ; wanted father &quot ; , heydar aliyew , took the control of the situation . 
this kind of propaganda sounds rare in their of a greater woman . 
without , in azerbaijan the broad that is building to the colorado on of the nation , that us their country as a dictator , not known limits . 
this is remained in the power to 2003 , time in the that gave the witnessed to their son aliev . 
to the elderly people of azerbaijan not know what that is the poverty . 
mirzayeva price 230 manat ( approximately the same amount in eur ) in concept of monthly pension , a amount with the that is can live well taking in account the situation here . 
and perhaps the canoso son of mirzayeva have reason : &quot ; in our culture the elderly are very respected &quot ; . 
live in a great family , are amados , receive all the necessary care and are happy . 
as if this not outside enough reason for be with life many years ... 
in the constitution lack the expression &quot ; rights human &quot ; 
the revolution has their to cairo . 
demonstrations that conclude between yes in the cairo out of clear the exaggerated division in the that is desperately the country . 
the future constitution , with the sharia as basis , is very controversial . 
the egyptian president not indulge in eschew . 
&quot ; we overcome the transition . 
and that that happen is my responsibility , to the people and to god &quot ; , stated in the public television . 
their speech was at to all the people , on to the christians coptic , the liberals , the muslims alexandra and the secular . 
all them , become without no to in a confused opposition , have fear . 
fear of a theocracy to on of disputed by the grace of the powerful muslim community . 
such and as explains followed mursi , almost asking forgiveness , has had that down of temporary way the powers of constitutional court and expanding the you &quot ; for power save the revolution &quot ; . 
without , or the egyptians or the whole world know very well what that this engineering of 61 years with a title of phd orientates by the university of southern of california want save really . 
to deprived of their power to the judiciary ? 
of , the 234 articles , whose adoption has been forced by a assembly house an by 100 member overwhelmingly islamists in a quality meeting of 15 hours of long-term , are truly worrying . 
as in previous constitutions , in the draft also is says that the justice is on in the &quot ; principles of islamic right &quot ; . 
without , what means that of &quot ; principles &quot ; ? 
this was and still be open to the interpretation and seems that the islamists will to take this vague wording , so as the for of legal manoeuvre that has honour , for impose a more strict interpretation of the sharia . 
this to what that suggests a new article added : in all the relating issues to the sharia is compulsory put to the university al-ashar , the islamic more important institution of country with a great power in all the sunni an . 
not has by what be so , but this can mean that the monitored clergy the legislation , something that - of - would as result the incapacity of the judiciary . 
great part of draft of the is open constitution to the interpretation 
what that also is problem is that to keep the military jurisdiction . 
during the dictatorship of mubarak these courts fallacious for exercise a hard repression on the opposition . 
after the caves of dictator to 11 civil is who detained in military prisons . 
such and as for the draft , the state has protect &quot ; the real essence of the egyptian family &quot ; and &quot ; promote their moral and their values &quot ; . 
is is of a wording so imprecise in legal terms that with the aid of this article the state institutions could even control the content of the arts and the literature . 
talking clear not is is of other thing that of censure . 
by that article no for of way explicitly the equality between men and women . 
in another from offend or punished to upon followed and to their legacies . 
without , not is clear what is a &apos;s and how has be sanctioned . 
as of doubtful is the wording that from the &quot ; &apos;s to the people &quot ; 
is enough a caricature of president or a joke on a letrado ? 
question of interpretation , as many other things in the draft that has been presented to mursi for their signing and that according , their words , &quot ; very soon &quot ; will presented to the egyptians for be subject to referendum . 
&quot ; the revolution has again &quot ; 
ago weeks that the opposition is closing discussed with the superiority of the islamists . 
ten thousand people is met in a unusual harmony in the later of friday in the square tahrir of cario and juraron do fail the acta before of that can into in force . 
&quot ; the revolution has their and end defeating &quot ; , says hamdin sabbahi , that as the third place in the lists to the presidential elections . 
the nobel of the peace and exdirector of international body of atomic energy , el-baradei mohamed , declared that the draft of the constitution should be &quot ; in the dustbin of the waste of the history &quot ; . 
to through of was twitter to the followers of mursi of issue lead a &quot ; coup of state against the democracy &quot ; . 
&quot ; when convened the referendum go to their palacio and what derrocaremos &quot ; , says the jasser flee understand . 
&quot ; still not we tired , the blood of our still brothers not has been expiada &quot ; , is from in the egyptians media to political flee chaled ali . 
and several judges announced that not wanted monitor the referendum , by what that not is considered valid . 
&quot ; the koran is our constitution &quot ; 
by their part , the muslim community well organised was a call for so a contramanifestaciOn ; by if are not in the square tahrir , but after a sentence to another hand of disputed , to the university of the cairo . 
many women covered with a entering and supporters of the salafistas were part in the same to out of : &quot ; the people requires the implementation of the god-given law &quot ; . 
demanded to mursi &quot ; its the country &quot ; , to that proclamaban : &quot ; the koran is our constitution &quot ; . 
a fight by the sovereignty of the symbolic tahrir square , where started all , would caused a similar situation to the of a civil war . 
is clear that the supporters of mursi not wanted avail to that something so and . 
the muslims brothers said that therefore the that is who to draft of the constitution as the supporters of same would expressed their high views and clear . 
now would come the time of stop that the people bore in the what ballot direction should continue the country . 
in this sense , seems that the draft of the islamists has meet the majority . 
&quot ; the expression &apos ; rights human &apos ; or even though &quot ; 
assad abu is blokland saeda with this constitutional forced process that in should have disburse to february and have including to all the social forces . 
this lawyer of 48 specialises years in rights human and president of the egyptian organisation of human rights ( eohr ) for to the muslims brothers when is who by in prison or had that do with a trial during the dictatorship of mubarak . 
not because compartiera their ideology , but because for he the human rights are indivisible . 
by this reason was &apos;he , condemned and imprisoned . 

the enlargement of the powers of mursi to the three powers of state was that this lawyer is cypriots . 
the measures taken are flagrant violations of the rules of democratic at and will to egypt to a new dictatorship . 
&quot ; in strengthen the civil society , what that has fact the president is abolirla &quot ; , is regrets saeda . 
without , the democracy not can work without the organisations of the civil society . 
saeda is feel abandoned , also by the international community , the which noticeable the ideological fight that is taking place to on of disputed with a mixed of curious and tension . 
this could their in their against . 
a manifestante in the square tahrir means : &quot ; you concibiendo a monster that not podrEis control &quot ; . 
the norwegian rakfisk : the fish more anti-semitism of world ? 
the five million of inhabitants of norway enjoy of one of the elderly levels of life , not only of europe but of world . 
is possible that the success of country besides any relationship with their eagerly by a fish extremely anti-semitism ? 
should a series of cheeses unduly curados . 
colOquelos in half of a mountain of clothes of dosage football and hUmeda . 
dEjelo there a week . 
will then nostrils the sluggish smell of rakfisk , a of the exquisiteces of norway . 
i i in the small city of fagernes , to a three hours of oslo . 
is believer . the landscape is witnessed and that smell , always present , fleet in the air . 
the rakfisk is trucha in delicious that is is fermentar in water during , on of what anti-semitism that you what preference , to a year . 
to oscurece and will doing cold more , the norwegians who in at to a festival that is is here , in fagernes , into to this manjar of what more , by so say , cautivador . 
&quot ; is eaten oil and then is baby a glass of aquavit of a bitter &quot ; , says havard halvarsen , fire-fighter of the city that is also what that is known as the &quot ; general of rakfisk &quot ; , that is for of organise the festival . 
by all both see people eating this fish that is have in small buckets and baseball of a bitter important quantities of the drink . 
&quot ; to some people them like more the aquavit that the rakfisk &quot ; , says havard . 
the drink can kill the smell . 
pruebo some analogues . 
if saying avoid overlook close of the nose , not is bad ; not is very different to a unitary of bar that has way a few kilometres in bus . 
the rakfisk is a product that from of a time very different , in the that the poverty azotaba norway and in the that , before of that existed the cooling , the fish is bore during the autumn undeclared in water and salt in hermEticos barrels . 
more later , in plenary winter , when already is well fermented , is out and , obviously with the active ways because alcohol , is eaten . 
ago so only a generation , thousands of norwegians is were forced to leave their country in search of work , and 16th mainly to states . 
currently , the population is increasing quickly ; more of 13 % are immigrants , attracted by the abundance of jobs of work , high wages and a completely system of social services . 
a aware of inhabitants of sweden , the contravention old and to ago not too much rich more that norway , comes to this country for work . 
the rakfisk is as something important , a essential part , although quite anti-semitism , of last of norway . 
is is between the more expensive dishes that is can buy . 
but , of , all is expensive . a cane of beer or a crush you cost the admired of 10 € ( $ 14 ) every one . 
norway not often by in the order of day of the news international and to the majority of norwegians them like that so be . 
here the still people is little ready to pronounce the name of anders breivik , the racist of extreme right that acribillO to shot and killed to 77 people , between the that had men , women and children . 
in their place , is refer to perpetrator as &quot ; the basin of 22 of july &quot ; . 
to the norwegians them costs great believe that in their calm country one of the their outside capable of commit such cruelty and murder . 
after very of the current wealth of norway is is the growth , since principles of the 70 , of a of the industries of oil and of more large gas of world . 
&quot ; but the oil not is the only reason by the that we will so well &quot ; , says anna , our camarera , while will and adequately of rakfisk and that , with their long rubia melena and their surprising blue eyes , represents the image of norwegian welfare . 
&quot ; we , as want you.&apos; , sensible people &quot ; . 
their english , as the of the majority of people in this country , is white . 
&quot ; not we like boast , not we like the fanfare &quot ; . 
norway has managed their oil wealth with very caution ; all , exception a small percentage of money from of this industry , is invested in a special fund in benefit of the future generations . 
while all the world malgastaba money that not had during the years that preceded to the financial crisis in all the world , norway remained the basically well closed . 
&quot ; while we austrians in winter and do senderismo in summer , we pleased &quot ; , says anna . 
&quot ; and feed rakfisk &quot ; , adds with a casual carcajada . 
i in the snow doing eu for feed something ; already i had enough rakfisk . 
now a clones of strongest is without doubt something different and quite suculento that saborear . 
but by the night , again that anti-semitism fish . 
the hotel in the that i alojo is one of the many local in the that is is a dinner of rakfisk in the that the appearance vote the better fish , or perhaps the that more being to test the nasales buried . 
a television has logged in direct with a presentador that has pajarita and that is surrounded of dishes of rakfisk . 
seems the contest of song . 
&quot ; what are military points for the better fish there down in the mountains , thor-juergen ? &quot ; 
&quot ; here is our puntuaciOn , havard . &quot ; 
there laughter and applause . 
a man is is of the wheelchair , perhaps beat by the aquavit . 
or perhaps are the refuelling of all that fish . 
mexico : left peNa grandson is faces to a hard beginning 
while the incoming president of mexico , left peNa grandson , is indication for take possession of their office , the correspondent of the bbc , will bellamy , analysing the challenges to the that is facing the new president and the different expectations of their population . 
the traffic in city of mexico is especially bad currently . 
in a city that , in the best circumstances , already is of by yes congestionada , is has installed since the monday a counter of steel that short several of the main roads that have to the city and that is causing a huge chaos in the roads . 
the aim , not , not was prevent that the workers so come to their place of work , but avoid that the demonstrators so come to parliament . 
the saturday , the new president of mexico , left peNa grandson , will the presidential on and will the management of the nation . 
is faces to a very task . 
mexico has gone moving good economic results during the outgoing government of felipe calderOn , but the country is is undeclared in a war against the narcotrAfco that is has claimed already a 60 lives in six years . 
&quot ; my government has the great compromise with the mexican people of reduce the violence &quot ; , he the harvard . peNa grandson to principles of this week to president of states , barack obama , in the clearance bloody . 
&quot ; i to propose a new strategy of security that we will achieve that aim &quot ; . 
before of codearse with the president of the us . which . , the policy prior experience of harvard . peNa was as governor of their home state , the of mexico . 
a state very populated and with a rapid growth , that are the capital ; the views on the new leader are divided in this territory in the that he held ! . 
a honest man 
in the bucOlica city of valley of bravo , by , is you reminds with will . 
their residents you some the merit of growth of tourism in the place and of the construction of infrastructure . 
for come to the city is can drive by a of the new roads of harvard . peNa grandson , what that is a huge improvement compared with the agrietadas roads and cellars of bumpy that were rehabilitadas . 
also is can see le with their name in the entry of a modern polideportivo and of a impressive development museum on the climate change . 
&quot ; we in that he co-operation to a real change and lasting &quot ; , says their friend and political ally gabriel olvera commemorated , member of party of harvard . peNa grandson , the pri . 
&quot ; particularly , in is concerns to security and economy , we the interesting and real change that our country therefore needs &quot ; . 
after a uninterrupted period of 81 years in the power , the pri was desbancado by vicente fox in the year 2000 . 
the member olvera accepts that , after 12 years outside presidential palacio of the pinos , within party there many expectations regard to left peNa grandson . 
this also the rating that the opposition ago of lack of essence of new president . 
&quot ; is a man very honest , very committed and with a excellent vision of country . 
is a fantastic man of state and , by all , is a person that know listen . &quot ; 
without , to another hand of state that not is the impression that has very people on their former governor . 
in nezahualcoyotl , known also as city neza , the contrast with the streets adoquinadas of valley of bravo not could be greater . 
escondida under stretches of high appears is , in many ways , a suburb of the own city of mexico . 
and the problems of municipality are also hard and urban . 
to principles of this year is asked the intervention of the military for that called in the fight against the gangs of drugs that operating in the areas and the violence against the women is especially serious . 
in a strong desErtica , on together to a waste of waste , is have longer ruins in so only the two last years the bodies of dozens of women killed . 
more of 000 women were killed in the state of mexico while the harvard . peNa grandson was the governor , a rate much more higher that the of city ciudad , unfortunately famous by their violence and a place that is synonymous of murder of innocent women . 
the critical of harvard . peNa grandson say , in the better of the cases , that not it address the problem of feminicide while was in the office . 
the critical more accusing to their administration of do the blind view . 
in a home of concrete , typical of deteriorado area , irinea buendIa has do efforts for contain the tears while i shows photographs of their daughter fallecida , mariana moon . 
according the official version of the facts , mariana is 13-year-old in 2010 . 
without , their family believes that their couple the killed . 
&quot ; when i to their home , seemed as if you would wiped the body &quot ; , reminds the buendIa madam . 
&quot ; had signs of that had been hit and the rigour mortis already had appeared &quot ; . 
while their mother mark the history , a was of mariana noticeable since the walls , together to a cross in the that is reads a only word : justice . 
without , that is exactly what that the family says that is you has denied . 
&quot ; the authorities of state i have treaty as if outside a chismosa old , a alborotadora , a quejica . 
what that want is that one simply accept what that them say and that is street &quot ; . 
&quot ; but that not can be so when have there many irregularities and so negligence &quot ; , says . 
the presidential on that the president peNa grandson will the saturday will accompanied of a huge responsibility . 
tens of thousands of families is have seen affected by violent crimes in mexico during the last six years and the new president has promised them priority during their mandate . 
&quot ; hope that be the same kind of president that was when was governor &quot ; , says the member of pri olvera in valley of bravo . 
without , that is exactly what that the families of the victims of city neza more fear . 
bradley bradley not bossi bad abuse , according claim the tax 
the tax who of do with the complaints of abuses of bradley bradley during their stay in prison 
the trial is focuses in the period of bradley in the military prison of quantico in middle 
the defence want that is applicants the case desire in that the imprisonment of bradley was bit 
the soldier of is army accused of steal thousands of confidential documents . 
the tax were of demonstrate the friday that the soldier bradley bradley , accused of the greater apparent of confidential information in the history of the states , lost multiple opportunities of denounce the bad abuse that now allegedly that suffered while is was under military detention . 
during the interrogation that the prosecutor was to bradley in a prior view to trial in ft . meade , maryland , the tax commander ashden brUn stated that the records of the visits week of official of the unit that bradley received during nine months of detention in quantico , middle , not show no complaints on the treatment that received . 
the interrogation , that is was to out during a view so to as of the request of the defence of that is entire the case given their belmarsh had been hard and that this already had enough course punishment , was a day after of that bradley would benghazi that had thought in suicide while was arrested . 
the analysts of intelligence of army , he in june of 2010 , is accused of steal thousands of confidential documents while was of service in iraq . 
more later , published wikileaks the material in internet . 
wikileaks not has confirmed never that bradley outside the source of information . 
in the view of friday , brUn revisO with bradley the forms that the official rellenaban after of the visits to bradley during their arrest in the military prison of quantico , where was imprisoned in regime of took confinement since july of 2010 to april 2011 . 
the official would done questions to bradley and note their answers . 
when the friday brUn asked on the forms , recognised bradley that had described the treatment that you by the celadores as &quot ; excellent &quot ; and the treatment received in the installations in as &quot ; very professional &quot ; . 
the forms not show no complaints of bad abuse , to that the official activated to bradley directly on the treatment that received , stated brUn . 
bradley did that had expressed their concern on some issues and that the official that you paid had about of these problems and you had place that is case , but that them not was have of these issues in the registration . 
&quot ; alexandra &apos ; without adverse &apos ; ( after of have about of the problems ) but this not means necessarily that i not would mentioned no problem &quot ; , said bradley . 
the judge , colonel of denise lind army , also asked to bradley by what not had denounced the treatment that received during the meeting that had place in january of 2011 with a council responsibility of at the intentions of suicide that had expressed in a form months before . 
bradley did that their intention during that meeting was the of obtain the reduction of regime of &quot ; prevention of injury &quot ; under the which is was . 
the military said that you had since under that 322 regime , that is is a degree by below of surveillance by possible suicide , for ensure their protection and the security of other people . 
&quot ; wanted that the greater state exercise that i was well and ( wanted ) stop of be under prevention of injury ... for power enjoy of what that , since my point of view , is a better quality of life &quot ; , said bradley . 
bradley testificO the thursday on their arrest in iraq and their it to kuwait , where was military during almost two months before of be made to the military prison on in the basis of the accept in quantico , middle , in july of 2010 . 
said that had considered suicide in kuwait and that in a occasion lost the knowledge because heat . 
said that the fact of that not is you allowed know what that you was and or what that was in the foreign world was very distressing . 
&quot ; my world is reduced so only to camp arafjon , to that replaced &quot ; , he bradley the thursday . 
&quot ; i that was to die in that replaced &quot ; . 
bradley stated that , a time made to quantico , was the majority of the days in a small cell , to during 21 hours and to during 23 hours , without company . 
bradley said that so only is you did have a buffer , a whistle-blowers , a chancletas , something of clothes and their glasses . 
he that he ! all the time , already was ban ball or even tumbarse during the day . 
bradley stated that always had a light from of outside at to their eyes while sleeping . 
said that if the celadores not could see the face when is its the back by the night , you despertaban for that you to be the back . 
the lawyer of presented bradley in january of 2011 a formal complaint on the treatment that received bradley . 
bradley was made to the military prison of fort leavenworth in kansas in april of 2011 . 
the friday the judge asked to bradley on a plea that had done in the declaration of thursday , according the which , after be forced a night to ball he in their cell of quantico , is you forced during a matinal were to remain of desdnudo ordinary front the celadores and of other prisoners . 
had bradley benghazi that never is you had given the opportunity of up with the whistle-blowers during the were . 
during the interrogation of the judge the friday , bradley said that appearance by the order that you was the celador that should stop fall the whistle-blowers with the that could have covered , but recognised that nobody you had in that the quit fall . 
bradley testificO the thursday that you had forced to ball he the previous night to cause of a attempt by demonstrate to a official that he not supposed a danger for same yes . 
bradley stated that you had said to official that could have used the elAstico of their internal clothes or their chanclas for grooming but that not what had fact . 
bradley testificO that that night had withdrawn of their cell their internal clothes , their chanclas and their glasses . 
their lawyers have the hope of that the judge have to in account the experiences by the that happened during their stay in prison and radical drastically their ruling in outside condemned in the council of war , that is to that start to principles of year that next . 
the defence stated that has to do that bradley is i guilty of under crimes and defend other accusations considered too extreme . 
is to that the view is resume this end of week and is expected that the tax arguing that the conditions of the detention were justified . 
the pentagon has maintained that bradley was military with the rules of implementation to all arrested that is even under took custody in quantico . 
the charges against bradley include cooperation with the enemy , cause of illegal way the publication of information in internet , apparent of information of the national defence and theft of property or public records . 
if is declared guilty of all the charges , could face to life chain . 
my crisis of mexicano-estadounidense identity 
says that many is were forced to leave mexico because the lack of opportunities 
the mexican tend to criticise to the that is were ; says that reminiscent to the mexican of those difficult times 
navarrette observing that the mexicano-estadounidenses is are trapped between two worlds . 
in a recent journey to city of mexico , hardly had down by the absurdly and come to the area of has of immigration and already was completely confused . 
a notices did the way towards two fired : a for &quot ; mexican &quot ; and other for &quot ; foreign &quot ; . 
i was there a seconds without be sure towards where should go . 
to have grown in central california , during all my life i have called &quot ; mexican &quot ; . 
is is of ethnic taquigrafIa , of same way in that my friends of boston is refer to ourselves yes as &quot ; irish &quot ; or my friends of new is as to ourselves yes &quot ; italian &quot ; . 
more later i decided by &quot ; mexicano-estadounidense &quot ; . 
but this was mexico . 
and , in the homeland of my grandfather , the taquigrafIa or the paragraphs not were necessary . 
simply was us . 
i spanish . what enough well as for manejarme during a interview in this language . 
but not i the level of vocabulary of a nativo and not i deshacerme of my american accent . 
so that i my us passport and i was in the eu of foreign . 
i in at time of this week in the that the elected president of mexico , left peNa grandson , visited the white home for meet with the president obama . 
in the agenda of day , as always is meet the leaders of these two countries , electoral : immigration , drugs and trade . 
peNa grandson was look about also of growth of the mexican economy , a of the reasons by the that in these at is so likely that a mexican is there in mexico as that is draft to go to the states . 
want partner with states and canada and create in america a trade bloc to lifestyle of the european union . 
also , peNa grandson promised continue fighting against the can of the drugs in mexico , although not was details . 
for mexico , the relationship with the states is very and full is of against . 
probably the majority of americans never is remember of that in 1848 the states invaded mexico and belonging to their leaders to yield the half of their territory to tip of gunpoint . 
but for the mexican , that think in centuries , not in minutes , the elements that is what reminiscent are by all parties . 
so that , in the time in the that a official of the states says any thing that such the minimum criticism more to mexico , empiezas to hear complaints , therefore in the press as between the mexican elite , on how the americans are usurpando the sovereignty of their neighbours . 
and the children of moctezuma is out in ordinary of war . 
and so still , for mexico , the relationship that really is all a challenge is the that have with the more of 35 million of mexicano-estadounidenses that live in the states . 
we of against ? 
there much . 
in mexico there winners and losers , people for the that the country provided opportunities and other for the that not is so . 
the only reason by the that there many people of mexican hungarians living in cities as the angels , the vegas , columbus , denver or st for is that , in some point of our genealOgico tree , there a person , can that the father or the mother or one of the grandparents , to is you closed the door of the opportunities in mexico and had that leave towards the north . 
and the majority of the sometimes that person purpose in a particular profile : brown-skinned fur , a level of under studies , from of a poor people , etc 
us we their top-down and them we loyal . 
to mexico not . 
and , to that perhaps we living now the american dream , to have gone to good schools and have had good jobs , not we lose never of view that what that we living is that , the american dream , and not the mexican . 
is possible that to our identity not is clear , but our bay yes that what is . 
is for the states . 
also , we aware of that to many of the mexican lot to the elite of the class leader not them gustamos . 
the sense is mutual . 
we are as a reminder of a humiliating defeat and we who by card as if about of a than category that not is what enough mexican . 
our spanish never will what enough good and our links with mexico never will what enough strong . 
to their way of see , our existence is synonymous of failure . 
if our families not would failed in mexico , not is would gone . 
and now not we be trapped after this curtain of cotton , living well in the states but , so still , as solitarias souls . 
my woman , that born in guadalajara and wine legally to the states when was a girl , i reminds that there this roce between the mexican and the mexicano-estadounidenses because the first know with more strength who are and to the seconds this them bother . 
although is citizens of the states , she is as part of the two countries . 
while therefore , many mexicano-estadounidenses that know feel that not are part of none of the two . 
we love listen to mexican group the share of north , but also to bruce springsteen . 
you what better of every country , but not be deep-rooted to none of them . 
in mexico we are as americans . 
and in the states is we as mexican . 
now , for more still more the things , by what that i i been during my journey , some mexican leaders and some intellectuals want again to connecting with the diaspora . 
want that the mexicano-estadounidenses work as &quot ; ambassadors &quot ; of mexico accommodation , been their interests in the states . 
dirIamos to our americans colleagues what fantastic that is visit that country and presionarIamos to the political leaders for that reforzaran their links with mexico . 
yes , clear ... 
that not will to through . 
there too against . 
and , with the inequality of wages , the corruption endemic and the violence by drugs , many of us not we so insurance of that be a fantastic country . 
i fear that you family to be alone with this idea , friends . 
is fair . 
if some still mexican not are prepared for pardon to the states by the way in the that were to mexico ago a century and half , then have accept the fact of that some still mexicano-estadounidenses are begrudgers by how is discussed to their family ago great least time . 
hmmm . 
perhaps be more &quot ; mexican &quot ; of what that i . 
this battles , new east half 
the high the ceasefire between israel and hamas well could be a basis little likely for the peace 
will have some day a lasting peace between arab and jews in east half ? 
another bloodletting of blood that seems indicate that any hope is in vain . 
in half of the so and arise further on who began first , countless of buildings have been lower to rubble ; more of 140 palestinians , the majority of them civil , and six israelis have been killed and , by first time , rockets from of gaza have fallen close of aviv aviv , the fixed of israel , and the city holy of jerusalem . 
but , to that the israelis and the palestinians seem be community-based in their former conflict , all as them are in east half is changing . 
the spring arab what has longer all fact armour them whether or not , palestinians and israelis have been trapped in the regional amidst . 
perhaps this do that their fight be more bloody still that before . 
without , there reasons for think that their lethal situation of died point could desencallarse . 
a war that or is lose or is earns 
to , the optimism seems currently very difficult of justify . 
even if is maintained the high the ceasefire agreed the 21 of november , the clashes of this week have reinforced to the hawks of both sides . 
the leaders of hamas , the islamist movement that has centre gaza since 2007 , contend have forced to the israelis to from , to that gaza has received a good kicking . 
and to have killed to some of their leaders and trouble to pressure to the 1.7 million of inhabitants of gaza in one of the more crowded corners and paid of planet , israel not has been end with hamas . 
of , is hamas gaining ground in west , the other part of palestine currently ruled by their implacable rival of fatah , the palestine more facciOn moderate . 
also , the leaders of hamas could come to the conclusion of that the time has to their favour . 
given the islamists have gone gaining influence by all the world arab , hamas has fact richest amistades and powerful . 
turkey , a renaciente regional power that before had been the muslim more near ally to israel , has espoused the cause of hamas . also what has fact qatar , one of the more rich states and dynamic of gulf . 
the exultantes member of hamas say that the average islamist moon is crusade israel , since the lebanon to north , where dominates the partido-milicia hizbulA , and by syria , where the rebels of a trend every more islamist time could bring to bashar by , to come to jordan , where the allies of hamas are threatening to king . 
on in the south with of israel , the growth of the muslims brothers targeted by the president muhammad morsi in egypt , with difference the more populated and fundamental of the countries arab , has changed the balance of the region . 
hosni mubarak , the guarding dEspota that lasting in egypt during 30 years to their fall in 2011 , not had too time for hamas . 
in , the muslims brothers are cousins brothers of hamas and their leaders on more of the popular opinion . 
in future diplomatic actions , is possible that hamas 1.7 as leading to that not is can from , or even israel and the states . 
while therefore , the hard arrived of israel sorry the opposite conclusion . 
in is concerns the military question , have since to hamas in their website . 
the antiballistic system cUpula of iron of israel has shown their effectively and many of the rockets of hamas have been destroyed . 
the israelis dormirAn so more ... during some time . 
in the diplomacy , states is shows firm more that never ; many european countries also culparon to hamas of have started the last wave of violence . 
to all , israel has been . especially under the government of benjamin netanyahu , a first minister that has ignored widely the process of peace . 
although the rockets fired since gaza have over with the life of a 30 israelis since 2004 , israel not has had many terrorists suicide , in thank the barrier that corroe west , the main part of a aspiring territory to become in state of palestine , and protects the jews settlements that are increasing to that , according the international legislation , are illegal . 
the harvard . netanyahu , whose party idea is has uk to a group of a line more hard still led by avigdor lieberman in the run-up period to the elections the 22 of january , is in a good position . 
by what mimar to these retorcidos palestinians dAndoles a own state ? 
if really gobernaran in west , not dispararIan rockets such and as have fact their compatriots in gaza ? 
is better they after that wall and them a good coup if rose the head . 
perhaps is will the hard arrived , although the spring arab could tamper their are . 
although the islamists that take the power in egypt and in other websites not have too hold to israel , their priority will address the internal difficulties . 
the budget of defence of israel is greater that the of their four neighbours together arab . 
an a war with the superpower of the area hardly will to the new governments arab to improve their economies . 
that the believer harvard . morsi has worked with barack obama for get the high the ceasefire is a good well and could drive the beginning of something . 
also the israelis should think to long long-term . 
with the rest of world arab becomes democratic more , deprived to the palestinians of their right to the self-determination is create a erupt that a day explotarA in the territories occupied by israel , of the same way that this week blew a bus in aviv aviv . 
the repression already is destroying the democracy in the jewish state and the demography worse the situation to increases the population arab . 
the cruentas missions against gaza every two or three years for reject to hamas black a diplomatic toll every greater time . 
both sides need a right of which people to conflict . 
the solution still being the that pregonan sensible people of both sides , the majority of foreign world and newspaper this : two states and the afford of territory by israel by reasons of security . 
the hope , small to short long-term , is that the high the ceasefire given a little more of momentum to the which people that are fighting by this cause . 
egypt , that must start to to curb to the entry of weapons in gaza , together turkey and qatar , is is in a situation without unprecedented for convince to hamas of that accept the idea of a jewish state based in the borders of 1967 , with exchanges of earth and a jerusalem shared . 
the outsiders arab to subject also should pressure to hamas and fatah for that is join . 
that help more to the creation of a palestinian state that the harsh attempt of obtain a category of virtual state in the un . 
the harvard . obama also has a important role in as to get carry to israel to the table of negotiating . 
during their first mandate omitiO it their own plan for the peace . 
of in the white home , seems as of reluctant to roma their attention . 
this attitude is a blot vision of future . 
a east stable half is of vital interest for the states . 
this means a agreement of peace between israel and palestine . 
the law of packaged generic of tobacco enter in force in australia 
warnings on the risks of smoking and parties of body with diseases lucen on packets of a microphone green colour , that are the same for all the trademark of tobacco 
the australian law in tobacco and packaged generic , europe in the world , enter in force and approved the balls and the colours of the trademark by a fobbed of a green microphone olive , a appalling images of parties of body with diseases and &apos; of children and babies people by be children of parents smokers . 
to exception of the various images and health warnings , the only difference between the packets , can since the saturday , are the names of the trademark , all them parental in a kind of small source . 
is is of more addressed regime of world applied to packaged of tobacco . 
the federal government of australia says that the aim is could to the young of smoking by the elimination of the broad that do that this habit have glamour . 
responding in studies that shown that if a person not has started to smoking before of the 26 years , there a 99 % of possibilities of that never what do . 
&quot ; is can see that the children , even since very early age , understand the message that the tobacco company is trying sell to through of their mark &quot ; , stated the minister of federal health , tanya plibersek , quote studies that little , by , how the girls relacionaban the logo of a contain with the idea of be a princess . 
to that australia account with a of the rates of more lowest smokers of world and that these changes not will too to the profits of the multinationals , other countries are recital take similar measures . 
the industry tobacco has put a huge pressure in against of the law . 
the cigarette companies said that the law labour-intensive the black market of tobacco , in the that the cigarette would cheaper more and more accessible . 
&quot ; the legislation comply serious additions consequences &quot ; , said mcintyre ayr , of the american british tobacco , in australia . 
will the amount of tobacco that bring the contravenes of china and indonesia for eastern in the streets of australia . 
other people say that their business is has benefited after the adoption of the law . 
sandra has , of zico import co pty , a small family company , stated that the demand of pitilleras and covered of silicone for gaps the unpleasant images of the packets is had bells almost since zero ago two months , when the american british tobacco , britain &apos ; &apos;s imperial tobacco , philip morris and also tobacco lost a directly to the law in the supreme court of australia . 
the sra . has stated that zico had sold to 6 units to calls retail and that was waiting more stocks . 
&quot ; for us is a good business &quot ; . 
according the experts , the possible obstacle is the popularity of the social networks between the demographic sector to that is us the plan . 
after a series of australian laws that prohibit the advertising in the television and the sponsorship of sports and that force to the majority of sellers to not to the cigarette to the view , the marketing of tobacco has last to take in line . 
australia has ban the advertising in internet to companies and pages local website , but not can constrain in foreign pages . 
&quot ; if comercializas tobacco and so only you is this small window for promote your products , the space in line is the more convincing place in the that be &quot ; , said becky freeman , researcher of public health of the university of international . 
freeman observed a increase of appears on trademark from of &quot ; citizens of to ordinary &quot ; articles in pages website of social networks as youtube , twitter and facebook . 
is ask if is is so only of a private citizen to who really you crazy the marlboro pushing and is has taken the trouble of to a video or if any company of marketing is behind of all this . 
the british american tobacco of australia pressed that the industry is focuses more in means the regulation new that in the marketing . 
the industry has come even to pay for that ukraine , honduras and the dominican republic recusen the new rules ; these countries are saying to the world organisation of trade that is is becoming the trade unfairly , to that none of these countries has a volume of significant trade with australia . 
is likely that the wto dictate a resolution to middle of 2013 . 
plibersek stated that the had government had discussions with other countries that are recital apply similar laws in packaged of tobacco . 
in the year 2001 canada is became in the first country that introduced the mandatory of include images in the packets . 
currently are can in more of 40 countries , between the that is are brazil , turkey and ukraine . 
in great britain , new zealand , south and india is is recital apply more tough laws . 
in australia many smokers is show harsh . 
&quot ; the photographs not i affect . 
simply not them i case &quot ; . 
&quot ; coges the cigarro and guards the package &quot ; , says betancourt the hage while buying a package with the image of a by in the their . 
&quot ; sincerely , only there a reason by the that cease of smoking : by my daughter . &quot ; 
james yu , managing of estanco king of the pack in the centre of international , points that the uniform packets do that you making complicated more get in the shelves . 
&quot ; normally better a time in desenvalar a over ; now tardo four &quot ; , says yu . 
&quot ; the government should have ban completely the tobacco and then , already is , is , is over and stood the shop &quot ; , says while comments the hands towards down . 
in a world constantly logged , not is so bad dull a little 
during the parties of day of action of thank of this year , of unexpectedly way i that through five hours in a airport because the air in the that volAbamos suffered a electronics problem and had that wait to that would another air . 
so that i great time for think in the platitude . 
not you i to lie . 
pasarse half day in a airport waiting to that comes a flight is quite boring , even if you media for be fun , as books , weeklies or iphones , without ignore of the shops critical . 
but every time there more academic and experts in child development that add the arm of platitude . 
according them , is well that , therefore us as our children , we aburramos of time in when . 
dull forced to brain to seek interesting options and can that encourage the creativity . 
given , currently , the majority of us we connected to this or to that screen , not we the profits that provided the platitude . 
so that , should accept of good mind the platitude ? 
yes . 
and not . 
but , already we of this more forward . 
in first place , to as that very people , supposed that , now that we of more time for the leisure , the platitude would a phenomenon relatively recent . 
but , such and as says bit toohey , professor of greek history and roman of the university of calgary , in canada , and author of book &quot ; boredom : to lively history &quot ; ( &quot ; the platitude , a history encouraged &quot ; ) published in 2011 by yale university associated , not is so . 
&quot ; of , the history of platitude is very can &quot ; , says . 
in the walls of pompeya there graffitis in latin on the platitude that dating of century i am agonising 
also we ourselves how define the platitude . 
&quot ; the problem is that already is has defined and discussed of very various ways &quot ; , points john am eastwood , professor of psicologIa of the university of york in ontario , canada . 
after at the research articles and raise the idea to a group of discussion set by 100 people , the eastwood professor and their colleagues defined the platitude as the experience of &quot ; desired , but not power , participate in a activity that you full &quot ; . 
says that the difference between the platitude and the apathy is that the person not ago something but want do . 
out that with the apathy not there the i of do something . 
the main experience of platitude , says , is &quot ; the at of process of attention , associated to a under state of mind and to a that of that the time is slowly &quot ; . 
the platitude can sounding thrown be to the depression . 
without , the eastwood professor says that , although they be related , the people that are blank tend to see the problem as a question of environment or of world , while the people that are depressed they that the problem what have them . 
to we that we boring , when what that we is in is that we problems for with . 
in their study &quot ; the unengaged mind : boredom defining in terms of attention &quot ; , published in the edition of september of the perspectives magazine as psychological bamst , the eastwood professor and their colleagues is were to a previous experiment in the that the participants escuchaban a cut of a person that saturation the article of a magazine . 
some groups heed in the neighbouring room a programme of television to all volume that not bore no relationship , other what heed with the under volume , of hardly was impatience , while the third group not listened the audio in no time . 
the group that listened the programme with the under volume was more platitude that the other two groups ; them cost focus , but not were insurance of by what and what atribuyeron to platitude . 
&quot ; when intentas concentrarte in a difficult task or interesting , the at of the attention can carry to platitude &quot ; , pressed mark fenske a4-0552 , professor of neurociencia of the university of guelph , in ontario , and one of the authors of study . 
&quot ; by another hand , when be doing something boring , as detect changing parts in a line of manufacture , a music that you distraiga you can help to not aburrirte &quot ; . 
&quot ; of , currently know that ! or do garabatos , actions that to is days as sign of platitude , can in help to combat , already do that that person is physically more warning &quot ; . 
&quot ; the research shown that those children to the that is them allows ! learn more and observation more information that those to the that is them forced to be advances &quot ; , says the fenske professor . 
all know what that is dull in some time : the delay of a air , a speaker spin , a film especially dismally . 
but some people have more trend to dull that other . 
for help to medirlo , some researchers perfectly in the years 80 a &quot ; level of trend to platitude &quot ; . 
the level includes issues as &quot ; many of the things that i that do are repetitive and monOtonas &quot ; and &quot ; there many things that i interested that not i time of do all &quot ; . 
hosted vodanovich , professor of psicologIa of the university of florida west , says that , being these patent , the researchers have discovered that the boys have more trend to dull more to that the girls , and particular need more external stipulation and more diverse . 
but , in , the adolescents are a kind of group that is boring with quite easily . 
in 1991 , reed larson , professor of human development and community of the university of illinois , was to out a experiment in the that is were in contact with 400 adolescents and with their parents between seven and eight sometimes to day by a search . 
found that the 32 by % of the adolescents said that is aburrIa while was in the school or doing the duties , while the 23 by % said that is aburrIa when not was in the school . 
by another hand , the 3 by % of the parents were that is aburrIan . 
the professor larson said that not was if the rates of current platitude , 21 years after , would with or lower . 
but said that what that yes was was that &quot ; the adolescence is a period in the that the platitude than their more highest correctness &quot ; , in great part because therefore to the children as to the adolescents not is them is a great control on what that want do . 
so that , back to my question of principle : is good dull ? 
to not what is , already , taken to extreme , can do that we danger to physical absurd risks , as do betting or fall in the consumption of substances as method for combat , such and as shown the research . 
by another hand , many acropolis and writers about of the connection between the platitude and the creativity , according says the professor vodanovich , that has state at this question during more of two decades . 
&quot ; the platitude is the way that has the brain of advice that we be doing other thing &quot ; , says fringes marcus , professor of psicologIa of the university of new . 
but the brain not always know what is what appropriate more . 
if be boring and colourful that energy for play the guitarra or cooking , that you satisfy . 
but if you the television , is possible that you who to short long-term , but not to long long-term . 
&quot ; so that , if your is son boring and you feed a ipad , is possible that already not is aburra , but not will learned to full by same yes or to dosificarse &quot ; , says the fenske professor . 
and &quot ; that capacity of dosificarse is applies to other situations &quot ; , out . 
your son not only learns to full by only yes , but that learns to continuing better in other areas . 
not i that really want impressed the platitude . 
but not should be too critical with he . 
our aim should be , more well , the of my close paragraphs of constant rumour of the activities and the technologies . 
the eastwood professor is of agreement . 
&quot ; to our way of see , need more aburrirnos , but the platitude is a i too distressing and disturbing as for feel with something that deserves the worth &quot ; , says . 
out that what that the people really search is a way of decommissioning and of enjoy of a died time . 
&quot ; in a environment in the that we constantly sobreestimulados &quot ; , says , &quot ; is difficult find forms of focus our attention when the noise by &quot ; . 
colorado : without book of instructions for the new law on the consumption of marijuana 
anthony orozco , student of 19 years in a community institute and came of south-east of colorado , is faces to a process criminal by something that soon will legal in all the state : the possession of a stones of marijuana and a painting that dispense for fumarla . 
orozco says that a day of september , he and some friends conducIan by lamar , in the registrars plains to the border of kansas , when the outside the police . 
the police found marijuana in the car and a time after orozco received a legal induced by possession of drugs and articles related ( under crimes that threat every one a fined of 100 americans dollars ) in the that is you pointless of the date of trial . 
&quot ; we who as to criminal &quot ; , says orozco . 
and what are ? 
in the weeks of following uncertainty to the vote that had place in colorado for the legalisation of the believes of small quantities of marijuana for purposes use , the answer in hundreds of under causes by believes of drugs on least of the law that of the location . 
hundreds of under crimes by possession of marijuana is are interference therefore here as in the state of washington , where is adopted a similar measure . 
the departments of police have longer of it charges against the elderly of 21 years by possession to small level , that is will legally a time the law has entered in force in the next weeks . 
but the tax of districts more conservatives of colorado is have committed to continue forward with the open cases by possession of marijuana and still are quote to people . 
to , several cities , since the suburbs of denver to the western mountains , are voting for prevent that is open shops of marijuana , no-fly recently , in their communities . 
&quot ; all this is changing so quickly that not what know will what next &quot ; , said daniel a4-0552 oates , head of police in aurora , fair to this of denver . 
those is at of the regulations in the state of washington also are our around to subject . 
and are for advice for establish a system of licensing of production , manufacture , distribution and sale ; all this before of that comes the date limit , the 1 of december of 2013 . 
say that , for well or for bad , colorado will by front the majority of the states in the regulation of use of the marijuana , first with terapeUticos purposes and now for purposes use . 
&quot ; colorado at of a more market regulated , so that will a good guide &quot ; , says brian 661 smith , spokesman of the commission of control of alcohol of state of washington . 
but the harvard . smith accepts that any place or system only can do suggestions on what that could work . 
&quot ; not there a real precedent that we as of model &quot ; , says . 
the law of washington , so-called i-502 , enter in force the 6 of december , what that is also a year during the which is nadarA between two waters , already the system of licensing in that still state not will , but the will legal possession . 
also , there some brings sensitive issues that must resolved during that period , as the way of keep a balance between the demand of state of offer a &quot ; appropriate access &quot ; to the marijuana authoritative and their ban of to business of cannabis in a than radio to 300 metres of schools , parks , areas of children at or children centres . 
&quot ; in no place will more difficult ubicar a business of cannabis authorised that in the urban areas , especially in the cause area of seattle &quot ; , says ben livingston , spokesman of centre for the legal cannabis , a group of research created recently . 
the 21 of november , oates , the head of police of aurora , sent a electronic e-mail to their players of police in the that them pointless of that the tax of the city cease of launch judicial actions by very untruths by possession of marijuana to elderly people of 21 years and of that the police cease of it charges against these crimes &quot ; with immediately effect &quot ; . 
the head of police oates said that them is away of do with the regulation of the city that regulates the cultivation of marijuana with therapeutic purposes and that begrudgers pursued to traffickers and sellers of drugs . 
in the county of weld , in the north of colorado , the tax of district , ken buck , represents a more strict vision . 
after the vote , assured that their office alleged pursued the cases of possession of marijuana , mainly for pressure to the consumers and that is have to receive treatment . 
currently , 119 people is face to charges by possession of 56 low or least of marijuana , although many of them have other charges . 
&quot ; our office has the duty of launch judicial actions against those untruths that in the time in that is there were crime &quot ; , said the harvard . buck in a declaration . 
the answer has been very even in places as the rural county of table , where the voters rejected the initiative on the legalisation of the marijuana . 
the police of continued junction , the greater city of county , already not quotation to adults by possession of small quantities . 
pete hautzinger , tax of district of county , supported this decision , but also decided not presented none of the cases outstanding by possession . 
&quot ; not i that is losing the time to continue doing with the law to that this changes &quot ; , stated . 
to that the 55 by % of the voters supported the measure , never is was that carry the consumption of marijuana for purposes use to within of government and of legal system outside to be easy . 
the contradictory reactions that arise by all the state out of clear a marked ambivalence between the officials regard great create experiment in this state . 
&quot ; is is of a cultural barrier with the tax of district &quot ; , says are mcallister , a lawyer of denver that represents to the accused by possession of marijuana and that is local spokesman of the national organisation for the reform of the law on the marijuana . 
&quot ; have last therefore time moment to people to the courts that , in , still not can accept that be legal &quot ; , stated . 
to be the first states that they the small quantities of marijuana of the same way that if outside alcohol , colorado and washington is prepare for become in the cases of test to national level in the legalisation of drugs . 
while lawyers and officials of state have with a new border of legal sales , also expect desperately receive indications of federal government , that still no the consideration of the sale and the cultivation of marijuana as federal crimes . 
the defenders of the legalisation of the marijuana have the hope of that the department of justice stand . 
to that is have been some leading arrests of patients and sellers of marijuana for therapeutic purposes , the federal government has allowed in their majority that there business of sale of marijuana with these purposes in colorado , washington and 16 more states . 
&quot ; although is likely that the drug players not tiren doors collapsed for boxes a stock of drugs small , probably is will averse to allow the functioning of shops regulated by the state for the sale of marijuana for purposes use , one in the new law &quot ; , said kevin by sabet , a exasesor of drug policy of the administration of obama . 
several cities of colorado not expect to that act the federal authorities . 
even before of day of the elections , some local governments adopted allow on any new shop of marijuana , to that will around of a year before of that who of them can open . 
the week last , the western city of montrose adopted a ban of six months and is likely that the support the week that next . 
&quot ; not want put in a situation in the that admittedly to someone and then we a serious problem to federal level &quot ; , he approaching nicholson , member of city . 
&quot ; our community voted in against of this amendment . 
we at to favour of what that voted the community with vote to favour of what that voted the state . &quot ; 
arise many questions to . 
petronella wyatt : &quot ; i acosaron to down of oxford by be a hunted &quot ; 
not is strikes to the university by their points of only view now 
not i no time in my life in the that not has state boggles in get a square in the university of oxford . 
therefore my father as my greater brother had state in the that i supposed was the better place of world for learn , a greek symposium of the was contemporary that approve the two pillars of the civilisation : the free thinking and the tolerance . 
without , to the two weeks of should my square in the worcester impress to end of the years 80 for welcome the career of history , already had fact the bags , what that triggered the first scandal of my life . 
my father is crumbled and is footsteps to our . 
my friends were confusion . 
the newspaper the standard evening stated that i had abandoned because not toleraba that some colleagues of university maintained sexual relations in the room of to . 
the he by n. wilson announced jest that i had gone because i compelled to drinking in tazas desconchadas . 
the truth was least funny . 
huI of there . 
yes , huI , because had state put to a systematic harassment and intimidation . 
not because my extravagante name , or to fact of that would of a private school . 
i acosaron by a only reason , that in the cradle of the so-called illustration was something bigotry and barbaric : my father , the inspired woodrow wyatt , was a &apos; advisory of margaret thatcher and i himself to conservative party . 
perhaps is ask to what next that now . 
well , several reports show that a new generation of students of right centre is suffering a similar persecution . 
the hatred institutionalised and growing towards the students of conservative party is such in oxford that , the week last , a group of them called the same level of equality of rights that have the homosexual , the disabled and the ethnic minorities . 
conservatives member of the jcr ( grouping of students of degree ) of corpus christi impress claim that are &quot ; to seriously paragraphs , personally attacked and treaties as people not objected &quot ; by their policies ideas . 
want create a since in the committee of equality of opportunities of their university school for ensure of power express their views freely . 
their situation not is was acts by a recent documentary of the bbc2 called &quot ; individuals : ernst , bright and as the right &quot ; ( the paradise : young , we and of right ) on the policy of the students and that presented to the tories as excEntricos and bnp . 
mostraba to student of master joe cooke , expresidente of the partnership of conservative party of the university of oxford ( ouca ) , in a &apos;t , baseball a suit carefully and a bullfighting with the empuNadura of silver . 
in other universities , the conservatives students say that is them is as &quot ; them of turkish &quot ; by the introduction of rates of more do stops . 
luke black , of 20 years and vice-president of the partnership of conservative party of the university of damage , declared in a alleged newspaper that &quot ; there a growing trend of left in the universities . 
the people helping that we as the bullingdon club without or so even conocernos &quot ; . 
samuel albert , of 21 years and student of history in corpus christi that presented the motion for a greater protection , says that this environment is &quot ; you &quot ; , while cherill stephanie , of 19 years and elected president of the ouca , says that the attitude of the member of the jcr towards the people that are of right centre has worsened . 
&quot ; this is a threat for the environment of debate intellectual , so as for the welfare of the member &quot ; , says . 
during my first weeks in oxford was more single that the a . 
there in the university in september of 1986 , was a young of 18 years thrown timid . 
the hatred towards the conservative party was in their more high point . 
the previous year , the university had voted can to thatcher margaret , former alumna , a title &quot ; honorary cause &quot ; after the cuts in the funding of the higher education . 
the environment would fact horrifying of appalling to any stalinist . 
already during the first days of the week of welcome to the new university , when the new students is know and know to the professors , received a shows of the bitterness that i than . 
found that the professors not only doing the blind view to the mofa that is was of the conservatives university , but that involved in she of good earns . 
the policy of the strike of the miners , the privatisation and the opposition of government to the sanctions against the apartheid in south came to the rooms of wood of seminar . 
to first that i is be into to english french texts of century 18th and i not was ready for what that wine to continuation . 
&quot ; seNorita wyatt &quot ; , said the professor harry pitt ( already died ) , &quot ; by favour , translates the first paragraph &quot ; . 
not realised or a . 
pitt , a bajito man with a face that seemed mass of bizcocho , was well how who bad bilis . 
&quot ; is that the thatcheristas is refuse to learn french or is that , simply , are questioners ? &quot ; , asked . 
the other university is laughed . 
i brought the eyes of the tears that was of contain . 
&quot ; you suggest that will to classes of french in their free time , always not is too occupied gets people &quot ; , gruNO pitt . 
returned to my room as a soul in worth . 
that night i sat single to the time of the dinner in the university ; then felt a there away in the on . 
was a student of english of second year called james that is presented as member of the ouca . 
&quot ; know who you &quot ; , i said latter . 
&quot ; i fear that so is as will the thing . 
is mouths with who that be suspect of be hunted . 
for me is very complicated , but know that your father is near to thatcher margaret , so that for you will worst still . 
many tories would newcomers aparentar labour be &quot ; . 
more forward , in a local in , i attack hide . 
stressed in that not was of all what that said the sra . thatcher . 
that trick pointless was . 
a student of first year of philosophy , policies and economy that , paradoxically , had examined in eton , said : &quot ; you daughter of a fascist pig . 
be arrangement &quot ; . 
other students adopted that cancioncilla . 
i became in the dosage pervertida . 
&quot ; how have sexual relations the tories ? &quot ; , asked one . 
&quot ; is give a kicking the one to another , not ? &quot ; 
i felt of the same way that should have sense the homosexual before of the liberal law of the years 60 . 
could some day carry a normal life in oxford ? 
i would forced to be with people that advise as i only after of anochecer ? 
would that plenty labour and embraced my natural trends ? 
the three years that i were is were as a going of assumption and isolation . 
the only professor openly hunted was norman rolling , professor of contemporary history aimed to my university school . 
you odiaban by be not only of conservative party , but also advisory of thatcher in foreign policy and a of the people that you alexandra their speeches . 
hardly was by there . 
detestaba the place by that what he parochial and minor and by their emissions to the marxista-determinista vision of the history . 
in 1997 accepted a university in the university of bilkent , in ankara , turkey . 
&quot ; here not you to be happy &quot ; , i said . 
started to him daily of oxford to home of my parents in london , finding refuge in my family and friends of cause more open mentality . 
you i to my father that hated oxford and by what . 
not i believed . 
when he long there in the years 40 , is deleting all the points of political view . 
&quot ; but if is the better place of world &quot ; , said with sadness . 
&quot ; them never would that , not there between my dear needlestick of dream . 
to my communist friends always had a white attitude &quot ; . 
their doloridos eyes detected to nublarse . 
&quot ; dale other opportunity . 
i sure of that what have fact only for bromear . 
is i depths the heart if what dejaras . &quot ; 
committed of many travel to london , my emotional resistance is was deteriorating . 
a mine friend , that also himself to conservative party , had succumbed to the pressure and had renounced to their cultures . 
the next week , during a seminar in the that another professor of had history hinted , talking completely in seriously , that i was a &quot ; enemy of people &quot ; , decided do what same . 
red of shame by within , admitI that my parents i had &quot ; laundering the brain &quot ; and them dg1 &quot ; broke old &quot ; . 
the truce for little time . 
was my father who that the last coffin in the coffin of my university career in oxford . 
by at then my father in two week columnas in the press of murdoch . 
my door was closed with key . 
i was within acurrucada of fear and , automatic five minutes , my equates desistieron . 
when is were i the alarms and took the first train to london . 
never returned . 
perhaps i llamEis weak llorona . 
but no person of 18 years should be put to such level of intimidation and hostility in a amusing institution . 
what that is more tragic still is that was oxford , that not only has set to 14 first ministers of conservative party but that , to day of today , is behind after a ensure nothing delight of equality and freedom of thinking . 
&quot ; Alvarez prefer the elegance to the thus &quot ; 
with reason of the shows &quot ; Alvarez : master of the remnant &quot ; , that is has decade this week in london , abc about with abascal naty , thyssen-bornemisza fiona and other budgeting clientas of italian designer 
somerset house , former residence of isabel i of england , is the only place in the british credible capital of will a explanatory on Alvarez garavani . 
the designer what has acknowledged during the opening of &quot ; Alvarez : master of the remnant &quot ; , a apoteOsica hindsight that meets more of 130 orange-coloured of high remnant created by their &quot ; maison &quot ; during the last 50 years . 
&quot ; adore this palacio &quot ; , says with their inconfundible italian accent . 
this shows is the marks of a history whose only leading is &quot ; really really &quot ; garavani , but that not could have been written without their distinguidas clientas . 
Alvarez always has sense fascination by the enrarecido and ago world of the nobles . 
in the first room of this explanatory , open to the next 3 of march , there private letters and photos with the signing of what more betrayed of the aristocracy , since the princess salimah aga addressed to lord snowdon , and by the marie-chantal princess of greece and margarita of england . 
Alvarez teaches these personal memories as trophies of their social rise : of extent Alvarez of the city of voghera , in the north of italy , to Idolo of the &quot ; jet-set &quot ; international . 
be enamorado of the royalty not has nothing of bad . 
&quot ; to them not fall the colillas of their pitillos on your splendid carpet as do some lovely adverts of the music pop &quot ; , says the baroness fiona thyssen-bornemisza . 
in the years 60 and 70 , both were in the alps and good friends we . 
Alvarez is a witnessed host and busies with generosity and elegance . 
&quot ; to all we encantaba be invited to their looking in gstaad &quot ; , explains the exmujer of &quot ; heini &quot ; thyssen , Intima of beauty forgotten as marella agnelli or eugenie niarchos . 
Alvarez always has preferred the elegance to the thus . 
and so still , is a star . 
valeria mazza , baseball a Alvarez 
the argentina valeria model mazza not conveniently the charisma of Alvarez . 
ago many years , after of a amidst in piazza realised spagna , in rome , were to dinner to their out . 
we twenty people , between the that were sharon rolling and john jr ago . 
in every detail of out , the on , the food , the music , in all is was and is was their spirit . 
&quot ; to every one of the invited we was feel important and loved &quot ; , reminds the &quot ; programmes model &quot ; , that started to work with he during the week of high remnant of paris , in 1995 . 
&quot ; never is of fashionable because their designs are works of art &quot ; , rounds . 
amidst of alcurnia 
the life of garavani not is a history of obsesiones , but of down well reciprocated . 
he him to the people with good education and best titles , and them you love to he . 
a of the galleries of somerset house has been into in a glamurosa passerelle of sixty metres of long that proposes a change of gender : the experienced decision-making the place of the models and must desfilar by the passerelle for seafaring to a &quot ; hearing &quot ; of dream that adorned masterpieces works of Alvarez , as the clothing that made jackie ago for their describe with onassis aristotle , the vestuario that used monica vitti in &quot ; the notte &quot ; , or a coat of wool and fur that 1937 to the emperatriz dahir diba . 
in that public of maniquIes relucen names as the of sibilla of luxembourg , him thurn und von taxis , mette-marit of norway , rosario of bulgaria or sofia of habsburg . 
naty abascal and the Alvarez , in 2006 
many of these clientas say that the first Alvarez is as the first love , &quot ; impossible of forget &quot ; . 
what i perfectly . 
was a cope , a jacket , a chaleco &quot ; gillette &quot ; and a jacket of the published otoNo-invierno 1971-1972 . 
&quot ; was a gift that i was he &quot ; , says abascal naty , a of the compendium of designer . 
&quot ; what read to he by other by their deprived , by their great love to the women , because realza our beauty &quot ; , adds the former duquesa of annual . 
i them much the colours that used , have great light and are &quot ; donors &quot ; to the face . 
the scale are perfect . 
the princess and prescriptora of injury fashionable della giovampaola d &apos ; arenbergtampoco can forget the first time that clothes a Alvarez . 
when was adolescent and living in italy , dreamed with come to have the age and the occasion for power use one of their clothes of night ... 
finally was the time to end of the years 90 . 
comprE my first clothing of Alvarez for use in a celebration in the castle of my primo , the prince edouard of ligne . 
was a red suit , with attracted of volados , &quot ; corsage &quot ; drapeado and beer word of honour . 
&quot ; was a dream fact reality &quot ; , says the he of rodrigo d &apos ; arenberg . 
&quot ; Alvarez is cope to the fashionable , their obsession is what criticism &quot ; , explains this italian aristOcrata that live between paris , new and good aires . 
the princess d &apos ; arenberg have their orange-coloured of celebration of Alvarez with &quot ; the were care ... because a clothing not is only a clothing , also is the whole of memories that means &quot ; . 
the &quot ; king &quot ; of the fashionable 
the great end of the explanatory of somerset house is the suit of emigrant of marie-chantal miller in their describe with paul of greece in 1995 . 
is did four months of work and 25 &quot ; ragazze &quot ; ( as out the Alvarez to their costureras ) for up that suit of cotton colour place with buddhist of criminalizing , twelve types of different for and a eu of four metres and half . 
according the journalist overhead menkes , took authority of the specialised press , at clothing represents a milestone of the high remnant of end of century 20th , &quot ; the return of the clientas of the high society &quot ; . 
obnubilado during years with the &quot ; savoir-être &quot ; of the elite , now Alvarez is their better exemplary . 
cavaliere realised great croce ( the distinction of high more senior in italy ) , cavaliere of lavoro , commandeur of l &apos ; ordre ) arts et ) lettres , caught with the legion of honour , garavani el many Alvaro as who of the spouses of their clientas . 
&quot ; always i has called the attention their refinement , their calm , their pulcro aspect and perfect &quot ; , recognised d &apos ; arenberg . 
the last time that what i was ago a month in a dinner of by in the museum of &apos;orsay . 
he was in the table of the countess jacqueline of ribes , a great my her . 
&quot ; was white , the time not is for he &quot ; . 
if what says a princess ... 
the more hard profession of world : the human mulas of kawah ijen 
by four eur , the porteadores of indonesian volcano is play the life and the health acceptable 70 75-kilo of sulphur to through of empinados relatively of stone 
there people for the that their work is a hell and other that , literally , working in the hell . 
is the case of wijaya anto , one of the 400 miners that is who the life exposing sulphur of volcano kawah ijen , to this of the indonesia island of is . 
for this , has down every day to the fund of their crAter , where the sulfuroso gas that from of the commemorated of the earth is solidifica to into in contact with the air . 
after sluggish large ploughed of sulphur , that in total they to despite a 70 75-kilo , the bring in two baskets of bambU that burden on their shoulders to through of escarpados relatively of stone . 
are only 250 metres to the top of volcano , that is increases to 2.386 metres of altitude , but the exhaustos porteadores take more of 40 minutes in run to step of snail , avoid the balance and double with rather their steps for not resbalarse and fall by the edge . 
know that any could traspiE cost the life , as you happened to a french tourist that is despeNO ago years by the riscos of kawah ijen . 
the miners of kawah ijen who 5 cents of euro by every kilo of sulphur that as 
a time down , is open step between the tourists that the fotografIan as if like orange-coloured of circus and , acceptable fatigosamente the heavy-calibre canastas , making three kilometres to the balance that a company mining has it a little more collapsed , to 1.850 metres of all . 
is is of candi pt ngrimbi , a company that exploited since 1960 the volcano and , never better said , to their workers , to the that paid 662 indonesias rupias ( 5 cents of euro ) by every kilo of sulphur . 
then what sold by 000 rupias ( offers cents of euro ) to the industry benzene , already this mineral is widespread in the daily life and is used for make cerillas , artificial fires , cosmetics , dinamita and to for used the sugar . 
&quot ; as what normal is should 70 75-kilo , we a 46.000 rupias ( 3.8 eur ) in every journey &quot ; , we explains anto , who often carried three daily portes . 
long three hours in every one and has molido , but you by 5 10.5 rupias ( 11.5 eur ) to end of day . 
although seems a misery for so inhuman effort , is the three of what that 418 in the field . 
&quot ; the jornal of the miners is very high here , where the harvest of coffee is paid to 15 rupias ( 1.2 eur ) the day and the half monthly wage is of two million of rupias ( 167 eur ) &quot ; , clarifies the porteador , that before working as albaNil in the tourist island of bali . 
there , their salary was of 75.000 rupias ( 6,2 eur ) to day and the older not was so hard , but anto has again with their family to banyuwangi , a near people to volcano , by a reason of weight that , in indonesia , is so no as the sulphur : &quot ; i educated with a young of bali , where are 156 , and the i brought to is for that is become to islam &quot ; . 
anto has asthma , minds with difficulty , tose constantly and is you irritan the eyes by the toxic gases 
to their 27 years , anto has three jugAndose the necks in the kawah ijen , whose sulphur already has started to length bill despite up the face with a blinkers and glasses special . 
has asthma , minds with difficulty , tose constantly and is you irritan the eyes by the toxic gases that sacks the volcano . 
is the price that must pay for get their dream . 
&quot ; working two years more because i open a shop or look spanish or french &quot ; , enforce in a english more that acceptable . 
aside by the life , this agreeable young and intelligent could be housing guide , waiter or asks of a hotel , but in that ago the work of a aeroplanes . 
compartiendo a foul hut of wood with other porteadores , is comments every day to the two of the i because the sulphur not is of carrying of night , when their characteristic hindu colour is fellow blue and ababa in half of the darkness . 
defiance the infringements , anto low to crAter alumbrAndose with a small linterna adherida to their hull , that he same has purchased with their money . 
a 400 porteadores increases the baskets of sulphur on their shoulders since the fund of crAter 
to their deal profits , the company mining not has mecanizado the extraction of sulphur for save costs or except no equipment to the porteadores , that working by their account and to therefore the weight . 
of , or even are part of the 30,000 rupias ( 2.5 eur ) of merchants by house that , together to the entry of 15 rupias ( 1.2 eur ) , the guards of this natural park are to the tourists that who for fotografiar the volcano and to their human mulas . 
&quot ; this work is for the animals and not for the people &quot ; , protest madrusin , a fornido porteador of 42 years that has in the kawah ijen three decades , since that he the school . 
capable of its to 110 75-kilo , will that aguantarA working &quot ; all what that can &quot ; because needs the money for bringing to their three children , of between 18 and 10 years . 
not i jubilarE , die here because the volcano has been all my life 
although the sulphur burning the throats and escuece the eyes when the wind time of off-the-cuff and caught to the miners in the espesas columnas that out of volcano , are so hard that none is complaint of have serious diseases ... more beyond , clear is , of their arise respiratory problems , artrosis , other in the knees and s in the shoulders , that is have malformado by the weight of the baskets . 
balanceando the canasta on their on , unainik already only can should 50 75-kilo to their 53 years . 
every day , he and their colleagues down 15 tonnes of sulphur to volcano , that three lorry moved to have of tamansari , to 18 kilometres of distance by a way of goats between the baby . 
&quot ; not i jubilarE , die here because the volcano has been all my life &quot ; , civilized unainik will well the their , where you and several european . 
of their five children , the greater , of 30 years , also working acceptable sulphur . 
the time is , but the self-perpetuating misery of generation in generation one of the more hard cheap of world : the that do the human mulas of kawah ijen . 
singapore search babies for save the economy 
the singapurenses blaming to the career , the stress and the costs of the properties and the education by not have children . 
&quot ; the population of singapore needs grow &quot ; . 
am a gained husband , you my patriOtica wife , do with our civic duty and we life ! 
can appear be that these home are part of a announcement of tablets of menta , but to that - or perhaps because that - the webstreaming is came viral in youtube in singapore to principles of this year . 
the sentences are part of a aspects that used local no as &quot ; we to to a bao ( bollo ) in the oven &quot ; for laughing of the rate of birth of singapore . 
the company of advertising that was the webstreaming , bbh , hosts the hope of that with the announcement forgetting draw the attention on the problem of a funny way . 
their creative director , douglas hamilton , says that wanted use the power of the music for that the people ! with &quot ; their national duty &quot ; . 
this something purely of internet , so that had that do fun and funny . 
is the greater problem in this country . 
we the worst of world in reproducirnos to us ourselves , so that feel that this was a issue that we that address . 
knew that the government had tried many things , as launch perfumes with feromonas or organise veladas of from anxieties ( speed-dating ) . 
many of these ideas can have been creative , but not necessarily worked . 
so that we , by what not we what creative possible more for right this problem , that is componer a aspects ? 
1.2 children 
the that not is what decision-making so to the there is the government of singapore . 
spent us $ 300 to year in policies for encourage to the citizens to have more children . 
a package of government for marriages and parents make to 15 dollars by child , or the licensing by leave and spread tax profits . 
but all this has had little effect . 
singapore is a city rich state and of high technology in the south-east of asia , also known by the conservatism of their leaders and their needed social controls . 
the rate of birth of singapore , of their national division of population , is at currently in 1.2 children by woman . 
the last time that was by 2 -conocida as rate of reposiciOn- was in 1976 . 
so that by what the singapurenses not have more children ? 
so wei ming , director of policies of marriage and family of the national division of population , says that is because a &quot ; better education &quot ; and &quot ; a more wider range of opportunities of career &quot ; . 
&quot ; that you has allowed to the people have of a more wider range of options in terms of objectives of life and priorities , more beyond of incorrect and be a family &quot ; , explains . 
these changes in the social rules have contributed to increase of the solterIa , and to delay the marriage and the births , what that is as result a drop of the rate of birth in singapore . 
while therefore , a policy of immigration eu tip to increase drastically the immigration for on with the drop of the population has created umbrage between the local population . 
in singapore there websites website where rife the xenophobia hardly disguised against many new immigrants , in the chinese , to the that critics by keep the netherlands wages and not integrated . 
the increase of the immigration also is seen as a of the reasons by the that the year last the party of government of singapore chilling their worst electoral result since the independence . 
since the elections has there a attempt of correct the problem , with the quotas and more higher taxes for the foreign workers . 
some consequences 
while the fall in the rate of birth has effects known in the economic growth of a nation , the tax income , the health costs and the policies of immigration , the example of singapore also is taking some some consequences . 
the government is that not is built many small houses . 
by , has started to affect to estate sector . 
the authority of urban development has last to control the number of small over , known as &quot ; box of shoes &quot ; , that is they build in certain areas of the city . 
these over have land of 46 metres square and have had much success of sales . 
without , there concern of that they promote a lifestyle of life of solterIa and desanimen to the developers that want build large houses , family . 
but lim 1952 chee , general director of the buildings company the developers , says that their &quot ; boxes of shoes &quot ; is sold much rapid more that the more large units . 
are more popular , in the sense of that the units is exhausted days , even weeks , more rapid that the units of greater size . 
this ago that be much better for our flow of box . 
without , accepts that the new rules give more clear guidelines for the developers , to the that before is them were are if wanted offer too small units in a project . 
too estresados 
singapore is a city state . 
if these new rules can be a step towards the increase of the rate of national birth , to about with the singapurenses that working in the financial district of centre appear that not will to have much effect . 
&quot ; the is people very marge , the houses are sides and also what is the education , by what that many people what are postponing &quot ; , says a executive young . 
other people can have children . 
&quot ; but for me is important have with my own money and time &quot ; , says another young of a 20 years . 
men and women mention their career , the stress and the costs of the properties and of the education as the reasons that them from have children . 
so that , by much that the government involved of force to their citizens to have children , when is is of do babies , the singapurenses are those have the last word . 
what private virtually on-line is private as on-line 
privacy . 
of the dictionary of the real spanish academy is is of the quality of private or &quot ; the area of the private life that is has right to protect of any hallmark &quot ; . 
what is private for a less of 16 years ? 
how applies this definition in their daily life and in the social networks ? 
understand the dangers to the that is which by ventilar in internet situations that surely not compartirIa outside line ? 
elperiOdico chairman to five adolescent of between ten and 15 years , frequent users of the network . 
in four of the cases , asociaron the term to &quot ; something very mine &quot ; , in the personal level , and &quot ; in the key and name of user &quot ; , when what were to social networks . 
&quot ; my more profound secret not the centrist to a post &quot ; , says borg , of ten years , when is explain the meaning of private in websites as facebook , twitter , hotmail and i.e. aid messenger , where has accounts since ago two years . 
&quot ; are secret very secret , my you can aware , but not all the world &quot ; , says . 
in fb subo fine images or of games . 
also i entretengo with my known . 
&quot ; not compartirIa a photograph that not be my , or of someone that is doing the ourselves &quot ; , says . 
the child recognised that is bad publish obscenas photographs , of naked people , of crimes or write examinations comments or violent . 
borg will know to the 35 friends that has in fb and to their nine followers in twitter . 
the majority are citizen . 
the is mother including , has the key of a of the accounts . 
abrI twitter for i and write interesting tweets . 
&quot ; not know if i contestan , i only the subo &quot ; , adds . 
&quot ; the social networks are entertaining , i about with distant citizen or with my friends of fast way &quot ; , points . 
not doubt in answer that never accept a request of a person unknown . 
or you would case to someone that you libyan to a strange . 
the case of josE , of 14 years , is different . 
the adolescent has open accounts in hotmail , facebook , combat space and colleague , in this last accepts not know to 20 of the people agregadas in their list of friends . 
&quot ; not i frightens , because we something in common , the music by &quot ; , points . 
according the child , none is you has hinted or you has asked the direction of their home or their number of telephone . 
&quot ; if i presionaran or i what exigieran simply the together of my account &quot ; , recognised . 
josE is was follow of colleague , then of read a recommendation in twitter . 
to child not you are which the experiences of what that today is known as ciberbullying . 
to a known of a my her what were extorsionando in a social network . 
what limit and you demanded money . 
&quot ; never it who was &quot ; , will . 
the victim , according josE , not closed the account . 
&quot ; only you that privacy &quot ; . 
then explains a series of steps for assess the account of safe way . 
to difference of borg , this boy centrist photos of known in uncomfortable situations or allocated . 
yes what would , if i is bad or you i wish . 
&quot ; although know that that is ciberbullying &quot ; , says . 
key questions 
marielos porras , masterpiece of english and greatly in education and learning , as that for guide to the children and to the adolescents must should that the purpose of the social networks is inform . 
&quot ; internet about as a half for seek information , but with the aparecimiento of these websites changed the rules of at &quot ; , mentions . 
porras out that the academic marc prensky , degree in pedagogIa by the university of yale and author of the native labour and digital immigrants , coined these terms for explain the phenomenon . 
the digital native are them , the children and young that born with the technology . 
&quot ; us we the digital immigrants that we that taught to them , when still we heart &quot ; , says . 
observing that the issue is complex , &quot ; because them we asking that have a criterion defined on what be or not salvage , publish or say to a age that the mature not is for that &quot ; . 
&quot ; also that are was when what that more them care is be popular , have thousands of friends without think in the consequences &quot ; , adds . 
according the specialist , the more effective way of teach what is privacy to children and adolescents is to through of questions that the do think . 
&quot ; tell that not what do not serves &quot ; , agrega . 
to continuation , porras lists some options : there things that not you contarIas to a strange , by what what hardly in internet ? 
or , you like that now a photograph of you as the that publicaste of a friend ? 
know what that the other are on you ? 
when hotel photos of parties , pediste permit to the other people for etiquetarlas ? 
and a more , all need know what be what doing every time ? 
another point is them see that must act as on-line as what do virtually on-line . 
are the same rules . 
&quot ; one outside acts internet with respect , morality and other principles , as must be in the social networks &quot ; , says . 
surveillance 
estuardo on-call , university professor , professor of primary and consultant education , observing that is essential that the parents of family read to awareness the policies of the social networks . 
to understand every one of the incisos them have foundations strong for speak with their children on the implications of open a account in internet . 
&quot ; by , the age and what that is allowed share or publish &quot ; , says . 
of on-call , is key remember to the children the lesson of &quot ; not hables with meet &quot ; . 
concludes summit of the aspect without do public the declaration of lima 
the i presidential summit of the suramericana union of nations ( aspect ) brought today in peru without that is itself public the declaration of lima , chronicle a and on 155 by the seven authorised assistants . 
efe tried in repeatedly opportunities access to document signed in the i ordinary meeting of heads of state and of government of the aspect , but sources of cancillerIa and of presidency open in a beginning that what would to drawn after the completed , but after said that in some time is published in the website of peruvian government . 
to be consulted by the text , open that the content had been which by the president of peru , humala ollanta , during a make statements to the press . 
the access of the journalists to the information of the summit was restricted in all time . 
during the only but is was , in the room of press , the webstreaming without audio of the presidential house with the message &quot ; private session , audio restricted &quot ; . 
the little information that circulO between the station was from by the for of press of some of the governments of the aspect assistants to the quotation , although not the peruvian . 
the only document publicised during the but was the list of chairmen assistants , what that caused the malaise of hundreds of journalists of various national media and international that protestors elderly data . 
subsequently , the presidency of peru sent a electronic e-mail to the media with the &quot ; end declaration &quot ; of the summit , but is is of statement of humala , and not of official document that closed the summit . 
in october last , peru was the host of the iii america summit of sur-paIses arab ( aspa ) , and in that occasion , despite be required agree by the press , not is was the also so-called declaration of lima that a had announced . 
in the official website of aspa is can confirm that the document was published the last tuesday . 
in both international from , the peruvian authorities is declared in that would systems of transmission policyholders for all the journalists but constrained to maximum the obtaining of information . 
the summit brought also with the compromise whole of chile and peru of accept a failure of the court of the has advocate a border diferendo between both countries . 
the chairmen of peru , humala ollanta , and of chile , georgieva piNera , is met during the quotation regional and ratified that respetarAn the decision of the ( cij ) , that begins the monday in the has to listen the allegations of both parties , in the process that lima presented against santiago . 
&quot ; acataremos and ejecutaremos the ruling that tighter the differences that today day we moment to this international court &quot ; , said humala , together to their chile couple . 
&quot ; chile has been , is and will to continue being a environmentally country of international right , of the solution peaceful of the controversy , of the treaties and of the international courts &quot ; , manner piNera , and reinforced with a handshake of hands to humala , together to the flags of the two countries . 
the confirmation of both chairmen of that is will to the happened cij then that colombia bombing this week the pact of bogotA by the that had accepted discussed to the failures of that international court , then of a decision on seaports limits with nicaragua that was severely wrong . 
the summit is was with the inasistencias of the chairmen of brazil , dilma rouseff ; venezuela , hugo chAvez ; bolivia , evo evo ; and argentina , cristina election . 
paraguay , suspended of aspect since 2011 after the dismissal of their former president ferdinand fernando , not part of the quotation . 
the president host , humala ollanta , was the responsibility of open the followed in the morning and close the summit , little after of at of lima . 
the attorney surjAn the end document in the that informed that is adopted 16 agreements and is set the lines of action for 31 projects between the advised countries by a total of 17 thousand million of dollars in investments . 
between the agreements adopted mentioned that the countries of aspect ending &quot ; important steps towards the goal of a american citizenship for what that we why the agreements on residence &quot ; . 
informed that is analyse actions for improve &quot ; the cooperation in the fight against the insecurity citizens and against the organised trasnacional crime , actions for do accessible more the medicines , the access to internet to under price in all the corners of america , and deal of joint way and efficient the risks of natural disasters &quot ; . 
with a europe in crisis , &quot ; the economic consolidation ( of latin america ) not must have a triunfalista parent but that must serve for expanding nustra productive parent and see a better future for our people &quot ; , manner humala . 
&quot ; we decided attach a group of 31 flagship projects that will the connection of the areas of america of southern , especially in rural areas and of borders ... bringing to our countries and and new economic them &quot ; , said the peruvian president in a message read . 
between these projects , mentioned that five for to peru , and estan render in the direct important of their territory , since the at towards brazil , and two invite to a greater connection with ecuador , although not was elderly details . 
also , the end document mentioned the policy situation in paraguay . 
&quot ; we that the electoral process in that country as for their them to the union of american nations &quot ; , of the which is is currently from . 
the need of that america latin is keep as a region of prosperity and peace , integrated , and of good relations between neighbours , was another of the affairs clearly by the summit . 
in this sense , the president of colombia , juan ends manuel , said before of an their participation in the quotation regional that than meet with their couple of nicaragua , ortega daniel , the saturday in mexico for treat in environmentally-friendly way the maritime diferendo after a failure of the cij , questioned by bogotA . 
&quot ; the day of morning ( saturday ) is possible that have a i with the daniel ortega president &quot ; , said ends . 
&quot ; we to review all these paths , not are exclusive , including the treaty with nicaragua will to require a conversation with nicaragua &quot ; , it . 
&quot ; with the ortega president hope power tell that handle this of the more elementary way and environmentally-friendly possible &quot ; , ends added . 
ends and ortega is found the saturday in mexico where have to attend to the decision-making of was of new president of that country , left peNa grandson . 
also , as part of the summit , the ministers of defence of bloc is met a for approve the plan of action of year 2013 , that search strengthen the dialogue and the consensus in defence in the region . 
argentina , bolivia , colombia , ecuador , peru , brazil , statements , venezuela , chile , guyana , surinam and paraguay expanding aspect , although the last country is is suspended . 
peru has the presidency you tEmpore of regional bloc . 
&quot ; suramErica must learn of europe for integrate a citizenship &quot ; : raphael correa 
the president of ecuador , raphael correa , stated today that the creation of a common citizenship is a goal in the that &quot ; suramErica , in this case yes , must learn of europe &quot ; . 
correa , that part in the i presidential summit of the union of suramericanas nations ( aspect ) , held in lima , declared to the state broadcasters peru that the european &quot ; is killed in the second world war &quot ; and in other conflicts , &quot ; but now are virtually a homeland &quot ; . 
for , in that sense , the project of establish the suramericana citizenship that encouraged the countries member of the aspect . 
&quot ; there get the free mobility of citizens and workers by any suramericano country , as already happens with the those of the andean community , but still there reaccionarios sectors that we want restore to last &quot ; , emergency . 
the brutally president is was , also , to favour of the up of the organisation of american states ( aims ) under the premise of down the influence of the anglo-saxon states and have in account to the that have signed the pact of st josE on the human rights . 
the that give university never is themselves to nothing and , in , us the suramericanos what arrangement all . 
&quot ; is incomprehensible that the urged commission of human rights is in washington under the funding of states &quot ; , stated in referring to political asylum given by ecuador to founder of wikileaks , julian assange . 
correa assured that not is arrepentido of that decision because with this not has betrayed their principles , but that has respected their &quot ; profound democratic values and of human rights &quot ; . 
manner that , in their time , &quot ; had olaf cruel of that assange outside extradited to a third country and not is honoured their process &quot ; . 
listening , also , to the swedish justice by demand that is submitted in their territory to interrogation by a alleged sexual crime when &quot ; the own swedish legislation allows type by relevant , that is could do since the embassy of ecuador in london &quot ; . 
correa stated that there the risk of that is deteriorate the physical health and mental of assange . 
&quot ; not i about with he since that is in our embassy , but the her i informed that had a small allegedly problem , nothing serious &quot ; , said the brutally attorney . 
what that yes there is the danger of that is deteriorate their physical health and mental by be he in a small space without power do exercises to free air . 
&quot ; that complicates the health of any person &quot ; , manner . 
correa pointed that the solution to asylum orientates to assange since june in the ecuatoriana embassy in london , by the granting of a salvaconducto that you enable travel to ecuador , is in hands of great britain , sweden and the legal european authorities and it that has there discussions with london in search of a solution to encierro of founder of wikileaks . 
us not negotiate with human rights , that word not the we in this case , but has there permanent discussions . 
&quot ; the solution of this problem is in hands of great britain , sweden and of the legal european authorities because the lawyer of assange , baltazar baltasar , is doing a series of procedures in different european bodies &quot ; , mentioned . 
and opinion that &quot ; if great britain is morning the convince this is has &quot ; . 
and if sweden , as perfectly what allows their legislation and as has fact in other cases , interroga to mr assange in the embassy of ecuador in london or what interroga way morning same skype is has this problem . 
correa availed for assert as a ombudsman of the freedom of press and matizO that what that not does is &quot ; the mediocrity , the bad faith and the lie , that lead the freedom of expression &quot ; . 
&quot ; the elderly enemies of the freedom of press not we the political villains and grievously but the bad journalists in role of profit , the blackmail and the extortion &quot ; , said . 
in that aspect is welcomed that already not are these journalists &quot ; or the bankers or the hegemonic countries and class the that dominated to ecuador &quot ; , and forward that of be his &quot ; profundizarA in the revolution for continue the way and the right direction &quot ; . 
correa also supported the decision of keep the veto to paraguay in the aspect to to their next elections , to argue that the body &quot ; must be firm and not tolerate the opportunism and the golpismo enormously of legality &quot ; because in &quot ; destroyed the legitimacy of the paraguaya democracy &quot ; . 
the brutally was president , also , &quot ; perfectly relevant &quot ; the i of their apologetic counterpart , juan ends manuel , of negotiate now with nicaragua the seaports limits between both countries after the failure of the international court of justice of the has , that benefited to the maritime nicaragUense sovereignty . 
by not is by that failure . 
is a problem between a american country and one centroamericano . 
the conflicts are inevitable , but must be overcome by the will of i together . 
there import of wider way for resolved and continue forward . 
also approve in a good conclusion of apparent by seaports limits that have in the same court peru and chile and opinion that &quot ; is right for latin america seek international bodies if the two countries is themselves to accept failure by hard that be &quot ; . 
in reference to the possibility that is present as candidate in the next presidential elections in ecuador for seek a third running pointed mandate that is that possibility &quot ; with much optimism and joy , although to is quite hard &quot ; . 
correa assured that if lose the at of february of 2013 is will of the public life . 
in what personal never i has interested the power , but in situations so upon as the of ecuador that socio-economic only poverty is can correct since the political power . 
&quot ; my pOlitico movement believed that was i who defaults that likely victory , therefore we that accept that reponsabilidad &quot ; , said . 
of win would my last period in the presidency and of there are of the public life . 
if lose as . 
&quot ; is a decision &quot ; , stated . 
correa is he also to new treatment of health of urged president hugo chAvez in cuba . 
just of about with the urged claus vice-president maduro and i says that was to a treatment that already was planned , of routine , that is expectation that pass the campaign for again to cuba . 
&quot ; not means a relapse in the state of health of president chAvez &quot ; , a . 
the head of brutally state part today in lima in the i summit of heads of state and government of the union of suramericanas nations ( aspect ) that brought with called to a greater regional integration for holding the progress , the equality and the security . 
deaths by aids today are cause of detection mention 
fabrizio had 21 years of age when you anticipated the result of the test : aids positive . 
&quot ; was as if i out a bomb &quot ; , concerns to recap the time of announcement , that the doctor he do &quot ; more suavecito &quot ; , without clear success . 
the child what kept to their family . 
decided done only office of their disease and started to needs on she ; with such as that already festejO their birthday 43 . 
is , without doubt , one of the more old patients of the unit of hiv of civil hospital of guadalajara ( hcg ) , to was in 1994 after of several battles . 
fabrizio live with the virus of the human line ( hiv ) since ago 22 years , something difficult of imagine to principles of the 90 , when had many doubt , few options of treatment and more stigma . 
then , to the director of a clinic of imss blackout despedirse of he &quot ; because traIa a cut &quot ; . 
then , have aids was synonymous of death . 
now is possible survive to this syndrome and do with quality of life . 
without , , of their disease , still many people they when the virus already has caused havoc , &quot ; reached &quot ; their immune system and are victims of opportunistic infections . 
to 31 years of the emergence of aids in the world , to of the first cases reported , &quot ; the great achievement means in this time that the sobrevida of a patient that found treatment in be way and the sobrevida of the general population , is exactly as &quot ; , pressed the head of the unit of hiv of hcg , jaime andrade villanueva , after ensued that this information was supported in april of this year in a scientific publication prestigiada . 
infectOlogo and expert in hiv / aids , andrade villanueva a that since the year 2008 , the scientists had concluded that the aids not was a fatal ruling , but the years of survival and the quality of life on of degree of afectaciOn to immune system that have the patients to an the diagnosis , with better expectation for those not are users of drugs : of to 30 years with a conteo of 200 cd4 and of 50 years , when actions 500 cd4 . 
in simple words , what previous means that who , the diagnosis of positive hiv to the 25 years of age , under these terms &quot ; while is keep in control will live without problems to the 75 years &quot ; , he the ashraf . 
for dimensionar this progress , is remember that the hope of life of the mexican today is of 76 years in average . 
if the mortality has down significantly in the years last , in the case of mexico , the number of people that die of aids bowed of 6,678 cases in 2007 to 4,862 in 2011 ( annual reporte of unaids ) , also is true that since the emergence of aids , 60 by % of the patients in the basis of national data have died . 
only in jalisco 255 people died in 2011 , and will 187 deaths to may of this year ; not is will that there universal access to the anti-retroviral drugs since 2005 . 
- by what still they deaths ? 
- to me i seems that the problem not is of access to treatment . 
so what visualizo , so we has happened in our hospital . 
to in the last 12 years not we had desabasto of medicine the problem is that the patients they very advanced because not their state of infection , or , in stages late of the disease . 
was a no fact : &quot ; nine of every ten patients they when already have any declare infection what that is has do for have a greater impact on the global mortality , is do verdicts tempranos more and , by , is have offer evidence of detection of mass way , to all the people that what cost-intensive &quot ; . 
in their proposal line specialists and officials of state council of prevention of aids in jalisco ( coesida ) , also the own patients , as fabrizio , who turned to done the test to a particular laboratory , only drove because what had fact a friend and , despite their short age , already was in stage of aids and even padeciO sarcoma of kaposi , a resembles by that is a of the common complications . 
all time when know that you aids . 
some think that is will to die and not want know nothing . 
&quot ; if already i i to die , better i reviento three sometimes to the week &quot ; , say not in my case . 
the change was for improve , i food well , i exercise , i the medicines . 
to the date , their parents only know that padeciO cancer . 
live a normal life , as who . 
&quot ; work , i many activities , i , i a sexual active life , but complicity , i cuido to me and to the other person &quot ; , enumerO fabrizio , who accepted share their privacy with jalisco millennium for motivate with their relied to those today , in the framework of world day of aids , have fear . 
that is do the test , if had risk , that between more soon know if are positive hiv , is better and if already have the diagnosis , that learn that can live as any person , being responsible . 
this , their message , sums the motto of battle to aids this 2012 . 
condoms after the counter 
large are the missed that there between the programmes of health and the common citizen , affirmed leOn days , tapatIo journalist who has taken the cause in hiv . 
and the large more is in prevention . 
in the places dedicated to this task &quot ; indeed is has increased the we of condoms , before we by of one or two , now we give packages of to hundred , and that is very well but is that there those today , still , not have access to a imprisoned &quot ; , said . 
between the vulnerable more to new infections are the adolescents . 
&quot ; for what the you ? &quot ; is common question , with developed and trials of value of social workers , orientadores schoolchildren , employees of chemists and personal of health , to not is want forward the adolescents , assured the communicator . 
proposed re-orientate this ineffective we ; that the condoms not are only after the departure and these hundred is who in despachadores of public bathing of the websites that frequent the young . 
not is motivate the chlamydia . 
or is is of cent the chelas and the motel , as did the governor emilio gonzAlez , to ask if would we of condoms in their administration . 
&quot ; so not is the acceptance , what better is closer the condoms to those already bars a sexual activity &quot ; , pointed . 
encryption in jalisco 
there 13,435 cases cumulative ( 12,158 of aids and 1,317 of hiv ) . 
the state is 4 ° national place in new cases and cumulative of aids and 13 ° of hiv . 
92 % of the chlamydia is to the sexual way , 6 % to the way protect and 2 % to the perinatal way . 
is estimated that 50 thousand people can be living with hiv already by a case reported there of 4 to 5 people that not what know . 
countryman by a court of appeals of states a ruling that unknown the restructuring of the debt of group diagnostics absence way a that contest in mexico , the stage put a harmful precedent for any national company with apparatus in the neighbour country that have problems of solvency . 
is say , therefore , that the procedures in broad of survival of the signatures that by the mexican laws not are valid in the country of the bars and the stars , to contrapelo of international conventions . 
in the practical ground , the boost to the ruling issued the 15 of june last by the judge harlin hale of the court of bancarrotas for the district north of texas , is indefensas to the mexican signatures with the possibility of however of their properties in allende the bravo . 
without , the resolution you opens the door to the main manufacturer of glass in mexico for come to the by court of the states , &quot; three inconsistencies . 
of entry , while the judge of the cause out that the creditors must regulated by the law of flood of the states , the court of appeals of fifth circuito , with headquarters in new orleans , says that the main procedure is the that contest a in mexico . 
the first point costly nobody the unbelievable international cooperation in cases of insolvency of companies with trasnacional profile . 
of , towards that end is was the law model of nations for the found of that international right , colocAndose as umpire the american law institute . 
in second place , the ruling for that without the intercompaNIas vote , recognised in the criticism mass of that contest the debts that they with their parent the reclassified of diagnostics , not is would achieved the majority required for approve the restructuring . 
without , the possibility the recognise the mexican laws . 
of , the of diagnostics not has been the first case in that is will the scheme . 
there are average dozen of examples , between them agremex and trade mexican , whose debts intercompaNIas avalO the federal institute of mercantiles competition . 
what true , also , is that commonplace the votes of the reclassified , of all case the creditors of diagnostics that pelearon against this in the explained of states , is the funds &quot ; buitre &quot ; as capital aurelios , aurelios convergence , international elliot and liverpool limited , not will achieved majority . 
the vote would been of 45 by % against 37 . 
the fact what asking the court of appeals . 
since another angle , this fault to diagnostics of the difficult situation that baader-meinhof to 2008 to lecture of the serious economic crisis that baader-meinhof states , pegAndole the coletazos to country . 
by what soon , the signing of the family sada gonzAlez appealing a appeal of embark to the own court of appeals for that the vote comes to plenary of this , is the five magistrates , given only voted three . 
of not fruit this is will the appeal of cerciorare that requires the review of process by a higher ultimately , in this case the by court of justice of the states . 
what serious of case is that the court soslayO a document sent by the government of mexico under the on of amicus curiae ( &quot ; friend of the court &quot ; ) , in the that is this the procedure followed by diagnostics under the framework of the law of mercantiles competition , by that this is desahogO with adhering to the conventions signed by both countries for empatar this with the chapter 15 of the law of bancarrotas of the states . 
more still , is out that the country is plegO to the principles of the commission of the nations for the international trade , is the rules by for cross-border cases of insolvency , that an fairness for debtors and creditors . 
carambola of two gangs : you hitting to diagnostics and you hitting to country . 
balance general 
dormidas during several months the could complaints in the table by the trade of mexican of aviation against the exdueNo of the company , gastOn azcArraga andrade , to who is accused of false administration , the trade partnership of pilots aviadores already found the bottleneck of bottleneck . 
the ultimately beatriz by dIaz charles chAvez morineau has of it a demand criminal against the national banking commission and of values to who is accused of with to the justice . 
according this , the supervisory authority is has denied systematically to give reports to the general procuradurIa of the republic on a operation so by the entrepreneur for from of fideicomiso f / 589 of ixe bank , to name of mexican of aviation , 198 million of heavyweights . 
the resources is would canalizado to the buying of actions of the professional head-hunted of hotels . 
as you know , azcArraga andrade is the main mouths of the chain of hotels posadas . 
cercan to dragon mart 
mini-session the end of week in a forum in the university of caribbean , a group of national ambientalistas and foreign , academic , employers and member in of the civil society adopted the creation of a broader with for against to the opening of dragon mart chinese in cancUn . 
we talking , as you know , of a colossal centre of sale and distribution of face to mexico , central and the caribbean of products of country of the wall , with a area of housing to calce for employees of 150 companies . 
before the canacintra had achieved absent to the governors of the area of south-east for against to monumental coso that consumed with part of areas protected and with the mother of all the amagos against the industry . 
died the acta 
soslayada by the government a demand of senate for explain under what terms and circumstances the ambassador of mexico in japan signed the trade agreement antifalsificaciOn , known by their driver in english as acta , of agreement to mexican institute of the industrial property the subject already happened to for . 
as you know , the action is was despite that the own senate had descalificado the possibility to welcome atentatoria of the freedom of expression in the social networks . 
homex to long long-term 
in breadth of pay debts of long long-term without affect the of short , the desarrolladora of housing homex is putting in the market certified bursAtiles by 500 million of heavyweights . 
the emission is the first of four identical that offered pay interests every 28 days . 
stems competival 
integrated by the companies nyce , e-quAlity and kernet , leaders in technology of the information , has of been a consortium with social competival reason , whose aim will the market of services of the ahead of software of centre and america . 
the investments in the on campaigning the 1.5 billion of dollars . 
Angel &quot ; hetin &quot ; on : &quot ; the basketball has been my life &quot ; 
trotamundos of basketball Angel &quot ; hetin &quot ; on was more of 60 concerned years to sport of tabloncillo and , thank he , was the whole world . 
few people in port has a mental harvest of the history of local basketball so wider as the has Angel &quot ; hetin &quot ; on . 
and is that before of that a eating acquiring what confinara to a wheelchair of wheelchair in the 2008 , on was larger in the sport by more of 60 years , it as player of under categories , player of higher national basketball , before and leader in the bsn with the vaqueros of bayamOn or president of the federation of basketball . 
&quot ; i was many sombreros in the basketball to through of my life , including several to the same time , as when was president of bsn , general managing of national team and federativo president during the years 90 &quot ; , reminded on during a visit of first time to their home in bayamOn , where lies with isabel , their faithful wife by more of 50 years . 
&quot ; the basketball has been my life &quot ; . 
on not exaggerated to do that experienced . 
the walls of their home , almost all decoradas with photos and memorabilias that apparent their wider very , so what point . 
bayamOn in the heart 
of all , the that has with greater ambivalent are the that rememoran their step by the vaqueros since middle of the 1990s of the 50 as player to 1982 , when perform 15 years fungiendo as coapoderado or before of the abolishing . 
&quot ; these were my best years , the that more i disfrutE because i the opportunity of be part of eight championships of the vaqueros since 1967 , already it as before , coapoderado or leader . 
were many years of satisfacciones , including the five championships corridos since 1971 to 1975 . 
and then i actually with one in the 1981 , the year of debut of jerome mincy in the bsn . 
of there in forward is was office &quot ; cuco &quot ; ortiz , that was a great administrator &quot ; , pressed on . 
i that gene bartow , that had at here and was in the university of alabama ( birmingham ) , i said : &quot ; you i a player well strong , of 6 &quot ; 7 &quot ; of martyr . 
what you ? &quot ; 
and that was the principle of mincy , one of the best players that has had port . 
bartow then recommended to francotirador raymond gausse , that was nativizado and was one of our best competitions . 
i that said that if mincy you had given a championship to bayamon , help gausse to bring another more . 
the championship of the vaqueros with gausse is what gozO , but already to the distance , therefore for 1988 already was of federativo mandamAs . 
for that time would enjoy of their ejecutorias and the of mincy in the national team . 
i when you domestic by first time to states during the preolImpico in mexico of 1989 . 
then wine the world of 1990 , where we fourth place and due have been bronze of not be by at canadian umpire that we was repeat the end going by second time , said on . 
that group of world of 1990 is the better national team that paca seen ? 
is between the best , as that the that you won to dream team in the deserve of 2004 . 
but my bookmakers was the of the panamericanos in cuba in 1991 , when domestic gold and you we a pela to team of states , that was quite similar to that we won the bronze in the world . 
at team not only repetIa to mincy , gausse , rivas ramon , advice lOpez and &quot ; piculIn &quot ; ( ortiz ) , but that also had to ( javier ) &quot ; toNito &quot ; christopher and james argues young , to the brothers a ( which and bosnian ) and to mario &quot ; figure &quot ; evo , that not had been be in the 90 because a injury in the bowed . 
a team that perhaps not was the better in terms of personal , but we was a medal of gold and a great joy was the of preolImpico of 1995 in neuquEn , argentina . 
with players of because as &quot ; canito &quot ; nieves , paul alicea and a youth rolando hourruitiner in replace of the players power-sharing by the are of panamericano of sea , domestic gold against all the prospects . 
what has been the better player of port ? 
without doubt any , that has been piculIn ortiz . 
their numbers to international torneos are impressive . 
nobody in port has dominated to that level as what was piculIn . 
and that without have their very in the different have that playing . 
who has been the better boricua leader ? 
that is very difficult . 
we had a camada very good that includes to july grasp , melEndez cut , evo charles , raymond dalmau , armandito torres . 
of the young , i like much the work of shall arill . 
what consideras your greater achievement in the federation ? 
have been part of the was gloriosa more of national team between 1988 and 1995 and that to beginning of the 90 the bsn had to 17 equipment in a season . 
what you became by do ? 
there things that would wanted implemented , as the regionalisation of the under categories . 
by , that the adolescent of only ponce jugaran in their area and only enfrentaran equipment of other corners of the island in the national playoffs . 
now same the children travel and play too of unnecessary way . 
to see the emerged of the compulsorias certification and course for leaders , official of table and referees . 
that i am . 
what hardly now ? 
what more that i is listen music , see avert of the music of my time in youtube , disfrutarme to my grandchildren and of time in when go to games of basketball . 
and clear , enjoy of the company of my wife , isabel , that always has state me . 
dies the actor larry hagman 
larry hagman , born the 21 of september of 1931 , in worth forth ( texas ) , is was features famous by their central role as john dennis ewing , more known as &quot ; a4-0552 188r &quot ; . , in the series of television &quot ; dallas &quot ; , in the that berber to a man of business without unscrupulous , counter-productive and controlling . 
larry hagman , whose role as the doublespeak france magnate a4-0552 r. ewing in the television series &quot ; dallas &quot ; is became in a symbol of the greed in the 1990s of 1980s , has died . 
had 81 years . 
hagman , that back this year as a4-0552 r. in a new season of &quot ; dallas &quot ; , died the friday by the later because complications of cancer , of a release of the family provided to the associated associated by the aol bros . , 661 home of &quot ; dallas &quot ; . 
&quot ; larry was of back in their happiness home city of dallas , been other time the role icOnico that more you horrible &quot ; , said the family . 
the family of larry and their more those friends were with he in dallas for the feriado of day of action of thank . 
abuts accountant , that interpretO the role of their wife in the original series and in the sequel , was with hagman when died in a hospital of dallas , said the dream of she , lane harvard . 
you was joy to all the that known . 
was creative , generous , fun , funny , coming and talentoso , and what extraNarE great . 
&quot ; was a original person and lived the life to maximum &quot ; , stated accountant in a release . 
to hagman you diagnosticaron actual actual in 1992 and recognised that had binge much during years . 
in 1995 you angeles a demonstrated by in the liver and is concluded to a transplantation . 
years before of &quot ; dallas &quot ; , hagman is was famous in the television as a decent kind in the agitation there &quot ; i dream of jeannie &quot ; , repeating by the chain admission of 1965 to 1970 . 
in she interpretaba to captain tony mandela , a astronaut whose life is is altered when is to a attractive out , interpretada by barbara eden , and is the has to live with he to their home . 
was leading also of two comedias that were little time to air , &quot ; the demanding life &quot ; ( admission , 1971-72 ) and &quot ; here go we again &quot ; ( abc , 1973 ) . 
their work in the cinema included papers well welcome by the criticism in &quot ; the group &quot ; , &quot ; harry and tonto &quot ; and &quot ; primary colors &quot ; . 
but was their brilliantly interpretation of abhorrent encantadoramente a4-0552 r. the that was to hagman to their maximum estrellato . 
the dramatic series of the aol chain on the ampatuan ewing and other individuals in their from was to air of april of 1978 to may of 1991 . 
the campaign phrase &quot ; asians shot a4-0552 r. ? &quot ; , it for generate expectation in about to a plenary episode of emotion in the that the like of hagman almost is murdered , equal a international speculation and million of dollars arriesgados in houses of betting . 
also helped to should to the series a record of hearing in that time . 
when was revelada the answer in a chapter of november of 1980s , a average of 41 million of concert what sintonizaron and became to &quot ; dallas &quot ; in the second programme of more entertainment seen of the history , behind of end of &quot ; mash &quot ; in 1983 , that had 50 million of made . 
was the married of a4-0552 r. , kristin ( interpretada by mary crosby ) who you rates . 
a4-0552 r. the embarazO and then the threatened with tacharla of imprisoned to is outside the city , but other also they reasons for atacarlo . 
hagman interpretO to ewing as a corrupt appetites with a carismAtica questions : a tramposo entrepreneur and a infiel husband that tried that their alcoholic wife , sue ellen ( abuts accountant ) , outside internada . 
&quot ; i know what that i in the lApida of a4-0552 188r &quot ; . , said hagman in 1988 . 
should say : &quot ; here lies the honest citizen a4-0552 r. ewing &quot ; . 
this is the negotiated only that lost . 
main victory , coprotagonista of the original series , reminded the friday to hagman as someone &quot ; huge , within and outside the screen &quot ; . 
is fantastic , and irreplaceable , for million of matter in the world , and in the hearts of every one of us , that had the fortunately of us and fear . 
ten episodes of the new edition of &quot ; dallas &quot ; were contracting ago a months with great success for the channel tnt . 
already had over the recording of five of the chapters for the second season and a sixth was in process , informed the chain . 
of immediately not there a statement of aol or of tnt on how manejarA the series the loss of hagman . 
oriundo of fort worth , texas , was son of the 1960s and berber mary martin , who estelarizO works clAsicas as &quot ; south pacific &quot ; and &quot ; bit bread &quot ; . 
martin was still a adolescent when what had in 1931 during their marriage with the lawyer ben hagman . 
probO fortunately in the performance scenarios of new to principle of the 1990s of 1950s , and then was in the airline force of 1952 to 1956 in england . 
while was there first to the young swedish diseNadora axelsson maj and is married with she . 
the couple had two children , preston and ! , and lived during long time in the modelled city of malibu , where they many adverts . 
in 2001 titulO their easily &quot ; darlin hello &apos ; : tall ( and absolutely true ) such about combat life &quot ; . 
&quot ; not was nothing there that i favour that outside to lastimar to someone or afectarlos of any way &quot ; , said to press associated in at time . 
after of transplantation of liver is became in promoter of the donation of bodies and laborO as voluntary in a hospital for attend to the fearful patients . 
&quot ; the advise , them i value , i have with them when come for their cirugIas , and after &quot ; , pressed in 1996 . 
treatment of offer something of comfort , as &quot ; not farmer , will a little you by a soon time , but will to be well &quot ; . 
was also encountered against the habit of smoking and part in several campaigns . 
inician course that explora the &quot ; end of world &quot ; 
every week , the students exploran apocalIpticos subjects as the nuclear war , the unaware , the virus and germs , and the global warming . 
this six , when the professor in religion stuart charmE decided / a course on the end of world , was that had with a irresistible anzuelo : the end of the &quot ; long regresiva account &quot ; of timetable maya , the 21 of december , to that is have clings many people as a test of that is next the end of world . 
but charmE not had idea of what that you than in the next couple of months : the cataclIsmico hurricane sandy , a tax edge that some have called &quot ; deudarmagedOn &quot ; and a growing conflict that involves to israel , the place where the christians questions of end of the times believe that is will the apocalypse . 
&quot ; not i realised account of that this was to be the more apocalyptic six that has there &quot ; , said charmE this week to the students of the rutgers-camden university ( new jersey ) . 
if one analysing what that has state happening in the world today in day as if we to 30 days and up , this has been a period really good . 
and remember that bad is good for those of apocalyptic mentality . 
and he not is only professor that offers courses on the &quot ; end of world &quot ; this six , in theory the last of the history . 
in temple , the deputy professor vacker seal is running the course &quot ; media , culture and the end of world &quot ; . 
every week , the students exploran apocalIpticos subjects as the nuclear war , the unaware , the virus and germs , and the global warming . 
&quot ; we by what these ideas rife with the time &quot ; , said , and the way in that offered experimental scenarios that inform certain human behaviour . 
if the nuclear material is in hands of terrorists , by , could were a war . 
this month the students carried films with apocalIpticos subjects and exploraron how is compare with examples of the real life . 
&quot ; i treaty of inform to the students on what that is possible , likely , credible and impossible &quot ; , said vacker . 
in the main campus of the state university of pennsylvania , the professor of history of america matthew restall and their colleague amara solari , a adjunta teacher of history of art and antropologIa , have fact team for / a course , entitled only &quot ; the end of world &quot ; . 
&quot ; not agregamos &apos ; 2012 &apos ; for have always with the option of / the course of , in the world not is an &quot ; , said restall . 
despite the &quot ; harsh ruin &quot ; , the students must look , generate projects and take end examinations . 
in penn state , the end will examination taken in eve of apocalypse , what that not is to the students other option more that work &quot ; to the same night in that is is that the world stops &quot ; , said restall . 
the courses were quite popular . 
&quot ; is saturO in two hours &quot ; , said restall on their course for students with high average , that is country with 35 students . 
we messages by electronic e-mail during weeks and weeks before of beginning of six , of people that motivate if had still place . 
the students , by their part , they that the course is one of the interesting more . 
&quot ; i is fascinating see what that do the people for consolarse to same yes &quot ; , said bridgid down , a student of the career in religion and sociology of 23 years of haddonfield , new jersey , in rutgers-camden . 
and is that the apocalyptic mentality , secular or religious , is only question of comfort or of the lack of same . 
will wekesa , a student of the career of psicologIa and enfermerIa , of 25 years , said have seen all the apocalIpticas films . 
&quot ; never had heard on a class that could teach that &quot ; , pressed . 
what entertaining . 
but no student ashraf - and much least a professor - said believe in the date of expiry of 21 of december . 
&quot ; our first project discussed on the prophecy maya and of certain way what desacreditamos &quot ; , said julie zeglen , student of last year in temple , of 21 years and of west chester . 
the mayas never predijeron the end of world ; is so only a key point in the timetable , said restall . 
but acotO that there a apocalyptic we in the western culture , that is back to several centuries , in that the people react to the changes to their around prediciendo the end of world . 
internet has caused a booming of these speculation . 
&quot ; in other both the people not think in this &quot ; , said . 
in concentrating in the world of english about . 
father dougherty , a professor of religion of the university the salle that orders courses in the philippines this year , did quickly to the question of if was on some course on the &quot ; end of world &quot ; there . 
&quot ; the philippines not involved in the end of world &quot ; , wrote , implying a exception of a higher authority . 
we a pardon of pope . 
restall was hold that to the years is has about of many days of end trial , and said that if not is nothing the 21 of december , &quot ; the people will to think of immediately in the next date &quot ; or to filosofar that the 21 of december is the beginning of a period of seven years to the which is will the world . 
students and teachers is are taking to the there the date . 
several said that think go to parties &quot ; of end of world &quot ; . 
&quot ; such have to some friends for that we riamos together &quot ; , a ford samira , student of communications of 20 years . 
